Time will tell but as it is, Arsenal’s future is still in their own hands.
What's next for you? Is there a work-in-progress readers can look forward to?
My aunt passed away two days ago. She died in the early morning, in an emergency room, holding my mother’s hand. -How my mother escapes that memory is beyond my comprehension, but I digress. – My Aunt was the type of person, during her prime and before she fell ill, that always took care of everyone. She was never married. Never had children of her own. But she raised three generations of children.
What do you think? I am going to paint them in white and patinate them.
Here are some of the reviews I found on yelp. I really think the bad reviews are people from other pizza establishments trying to tarnish the good name that is DiCarlo’s. Yeah, that’s it.
I took an inventory of my body the other day, and made a mental list of all the ways in which my body has served me for 38 years. It’s a long list! It created and birthed three amazing kids, nourishing them all for the first years of their lives; it’s gotten me through illness and injury more times than I can remember; it supported me as I completed my university degrees (even when I injured my back!); it carried me through my darkest days even when I didn’t feel like carrying on; it moves in amazing ways (who knew I could swing dance like that?!); it hugs my children, kisses lovers, wipes away tears, and jumps for joy. In all of my pain and suffering, in all of my celebrations, my body has been there for me.
To not stay separate across the grey-blue foaming sea.
Huge game for these two, as both currently occupy relegation places. The nature of relegation six pointers is that there are plenty of goals. However I’m not so confident that this one will go that way.
Directions for use: Apply Xen-Tan Dark Lotion to clean dry skin with hands, or for easiest application, the Xen-Tan Luxury Tanning Mitt. Blend on face and body. Wash hands with warm water and soap for 1-2 minutes to remove instant colour. Wait three hours to shower or swim. Wear dark clothing while tanning.
I don’t think I’m going to cover any new ground in writing this, nor was this my aim. However, the real thread to the movie, wasn’t just the outstanding performances by Natalie Portman,Vincent Cassel and Mila Kunis (and pretty much everyone else, those these three core really shone for me) , but the ENTIRE soundtrack.
Have a great first day,
<U+30D6><U+30C3><U+30C0>:<U+8CC7><U+672C><U+4E3B><U+7FA9><U+306E><U+793E><U+4F1A><U+306F><U+6587><U+5B57><U+901A><U+308A><U+307B><U+307C><U+5168><U+3066><U+306E><U+3082><U+306E><U+3092><U+5546><U+54C1><U+5316><U+3059><U+308B><U+304B><U+3089><U+3001><U+81EA><U+7136><U+3084><U+4EBA><U+9593><U+306E><U+795E><U+8056><U+306A><U+30C7><U+30A3><U+30E1><U+30F3><U+30B7><U+30E7><U+30F3><U+3092><U+5931><U+3063><U+3066><U+3057><U+307E><U+3046><U+3093><U+3060><U+306D><U+3002>
A big tree fell last night, Mike had worked all day putting on a new metal roof on one of our buildings. He had two more rows of roof to put on and it started raining, so we had to pack up and quit for the day.
The sale will be held in Washingtoniana, Room #307. Cash or check only. Hours of
Kingdom Perspective.
Does it harm Mr Wight if he ranks high on this “league table”? I think not. It was not suggested, as I understand it, that he had controlled the table or indeed that he had had any access to it. Even if he was completely in the wrong about his evidence, this seems again a side issue, irrelevant to the case as a whole and therefore not appropriate to hang a perjury case upon. He agreed that there were 17 “referrals” to Mr Whittamore, so even if it was actually 70, I can’t see how that fits the definition of perjury.
So, in all seriousness - what goes into a bio? Do you go serious or add a touch of humor? Do I mention I have 3 girls that drive me to eat more chocolate or do I just say I'm a mother of three sweethearts ;)
Without any hesitation, i immediately gave her a tight hug! Mexicans are too friendly! I gonna treasure this friendship with them here in Brazil! Can't wait to fly to Mexico city, visiting the pyramids and enjoying Mexican's popular traditional dish - tacos! lol
So I happened onto the bud vases and thought one would make a nice gift for my co-worker, who doesn't suffer from allergies like me and plans for gardens and flowers and vegetables thrill her to no end.
Unschoolers self-select what's important to them and what's not. But HOW? you say. Here's how. They're able to self-select meaningfully because unschooling parents expose the universe (as much of it as they can) to their children in as broad and inviting a smorgasbord as possible. We call this strewing. In a sense, it's the unschooling equivalent to curriculum; but rather than being dictated to the student, it is simply introducing things to the student for their selection or rejection.
I saw it the day it came out. And then again the next day. Cuz I'm like that.
The interesting thing about the protest is that it is not instigated or organized by any political parties. It is an organic and spontaneous protest by the people from all walks of life, young and old, men and women and children,Muslims and Christians alike.
(They had 5, 10, and 15 year paint. I went for the 15, not doing this again soon.) James is 15 now.
I will mourn her and miss her like mad,
“We are gravely concerned and sympathise with the affected people. Their source of livelihood –padi, cocoa, coconut, pepper, palm oil and fruit trees – has been destroyed by salt water caused by the continuous tidal floods.
I must warn this is very picture heavy so I do apologise. Also Miss Jones hasn't gone crazy yes my eyes are different to save time doing 2 different looks I have merged them into one.
When a man (as it would have been in those olden days) worked hard in the shipyards or mines six days a week, and spent his hard-earned money taking his family to the theatre or music hall on a Saturday, there was some merit in reviews which helped him choose his entertainment; his shillings would not be wasted on inferior shows.
White vinegar softens fabric and stops static cling. Add a cup of vinegar to the wash, with a few drops of lavender oil for odours.
If we're going to start judging the presidential candidates based on their youth, than I suppose President Obama's Muslim background, college transcripts, former drug use, idolizing of Malcom X and bullying of a girl are now also fair game.
This lovely fairy, gently holding a pompom Chrysanthemum in her hands, makes a wonderful border for inspirational quotes and/or poems. She has been designed by Sara Burrier exclusively for Crafts and Me Stamps. You can find Chrysanthemum here.
Download High-Def (HD) 1080P videos from YouTube and all other major video streaming sites with YouTube Downloader. Watching HD YouTube videos from your laptop or mobile device has never been easier!video, and most commonly involves display.
A little longer afterwards, but I took the time to twitter updates and take a picture of this lovely great silvered mirror dome on the ceiling above a four way intersection, which incidentally showed me with arm in sling and book on knees.
Her response: shorts, tank top, your boots.
On my island within an island, beyond my Chinese seawall,
I went straight to bed as if on autopilot. The crying had calmed me somewhat. I felt exhausted.
Insert the little silver ball into the cab of the plastic firetruck and shut the door.
It has been a tiring day for all.
- New options for treatment are not good news, BUT +, I am asked to present at Pecha Kucha night with 9 other Austin creatives.
Susan's gift was handmade. It was a wine bottles & beer bottles spray painted with chalk board paint. Each person got 3 bottles & chalk. Such a cute idea!
Finally, a Greek-Canadian friend of mine living in Israel now sent me an interesting Hareetz article, Greece, Cyprus to advance Israeli power line to Europe (h/t, Jimmy):
Also, we made a felt ball.
My only connection with Prince William is a conversation reported verbatim by my niece, one of whose friends was campaigning for a post in the student union and had the temerity to approach the People’s Prince for his support while he was with his pals in a pub. “Go away you dirty badger” he cried, to an approving chorus of braying from his peers. I still don’t know what that means, but it does illustrate an important truth about these people: they might as well be from Mars, and why we waste any time thinking they’re relevant in the least to our lives or worth a single thought, unless that thought be how to get rid of them and have a independent Scottish Republic, is quite beyond me.
1. Tyson Gay Injury – It’s been quite some time since we’ve seen the sport’s top sprinters going head to head, even in Majors. When Tyson Gay announced that he would not be competing at nationals and was ending his season, the Bolt v Gay matchup that we had all been looking forward to was once again put on the shelf.
You were made for such as this. Reflect upon the miracles of the way you were created and the marvelous works that you are and that are in the universe.
It's okay to cry babies.
Blissfully unaware that their relationship isn't what it seems, the two go about their day as they usually would. Since no-one cares what Paolo does for a living (his best quality, besides being married to Diana, is his taste in alarm clocks), we follow Diana to work. While riding the trolley, she must contend with the raging trouser bulges of the two arguing Italian men that keep jabbing their clothed erections into her ass and thighs (the erratic movement of the trolley causes the passengers to become easily jostled). Tired of being repeatedly dry humped by this two-pronged schlong bombardment, Diana decides to stand somewhere else. Which, if you think about it, is futile, since sexual arousal seems to accompany Diana wherever she goes (a young priest is the next to feel his pants tighten around the crotch area).
And when I think of pink Lilly is not far from my mind and this chair needs to makes its way into my life.
Day 4 was another small challenge because Diana and I were taking day 1 of 2 for ATCN- Advanced Trauma Care for Nurses. Which was catered by the hospital. With fajitas. Also queso. Thankfully we had each other to sit by with our quinoa salad and hummas but man did the queso look good. Another round of stir fried veggies tonight…super quick to make too, I’ll definitely be keeping this particular recipe around. It was a good one. Bought the food for week two and a TON of fruit. Lots of fruits and veggies- I even branched out and got some beets and asparagus so we’ll see if I like them. My fridge is WAY full. Plus the freezer because I had just bought about a weeks worth of meat and pasta for dinners before I decided to do the reset…Whoops!Q
In the same week, a friend who has donated grass clippings for 10 years shared a letter received from the RDN, threatening legal action if he continues to bring grass clippings to Compassion Farm.
a poor substitute for bravery.
The book even includes a chapter on what it might be like in outer space, as a member of an expedition to a distant star. Yes, that will carry its own biological and psychological risks.
And, for my part, having the best looking friends in the year meant I was part of the package when it came to inviting the in-crowd to parties.
3oz cooked ham, finely chopped
- “Current pace” function is useless. It appears to be the least reliable out of all of the pace functions (you can choose between current, lap, or entire run). Again, not a huge deal, and not one of my motivating factors to buy the watch.
I would conclude that the Holy Bible is not a mere fairy tale book as claimed by non-believers but really God’s work. Its placement of time when the events happened could be verified. Any holes could have been pinpointed if found wrong or misaligned.
I know that I’m beating a dead horse here, but watching a certain show for the sake of pretension doesn’t make one better than anyone else. If that is the case, then Strike Witches would be a masterpiece. It would be revered for its story about the feminization of war, and its undertones of world peace. But because it consist mostly of moé characters and the fact that they are “not wearing any pants,” it is considered “fanservice crap” in the eyes of the western fanbase. Madoka Magica would get a lot more praise than it already has for giving a dark new take on the magical girl genre. However, it still gets a lot of hate for what it is, and is dismissed for having “underage girls.”
Next time I'll also be taunting those haughty No Trespassing signs.
Why can’t I find contentment in Christ alone?
I already own 'Where's Your Caravan?' so didn't have to sneakily read it first!!;-)
I enjoy writing fantasy, sci-fi, paranormal and mystery, but I'm not really sure if I've found my niche genre yet.
“What happened!?” shouted Hermel to the man. He turned around and it happened to be one of the rough neck men who he’d argued with on their first night at the Inn, but the man did not seem to notice or care about that.
E. Wenzel
SLB: Kevin Burnett
Suckling
Can today’s capitalism be responsible? Can it be popular in the sense that people in great numbers embrace it and benefit in a fair way? Distinguished British Marxist historian Eric Hobsbawm does not think so. In a sharp critique, Hobsbawm made the point that capitalism as practiced in the last 40 years was all about growth and profit and not much else.
“Please… Just a quick bite? I really want to show you my new ride. We can ride together. It’s kick-ass!”
So im really hung over, getting creative, and thinking...what If FLH opened an actual store? I know know...youre all " BUT BRIDGETTE...you never follow through on things like this!" I promise....I really want to. I mean...I totally have the free time right? And the budget...duh. so rich. Tres RICHE!
Bus 31 all the way to east coast park!!
I'm trying to work here on the 7th floor of the Omni and it's down right impossible! I can see 2 stages from my office and hear the music. Whoo!
1033 **D-XI/19(A)/1988. “Oscar Wilde’s The Happy Prince: On the Utility of Beauty.” Teacher Training Conference, Paideia Program, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2000(12), above, pp. 432-37.)
To heck with the bad back, I got up and headed toward them, but he ran before I could get there, with her in how pursuit! He must have eluded her because I didnt see him again but she ran the circle of the house at least three times like she was after him but he was not there. He probably got up the stairs before she noticed, thank goodness!
The Transportation Security Administration said that the parents of the infant passed the child back and forth through the metal detector, causing alarms go off. When TSA agents realized that the baby got away without an individual screening, they started a desperate search for the family to no avail.
I think I normally write too much - and bore people - so this time just a few words about this performance: -
- 1 granny smith apple
So while a weekly paycheck wouldn't be all bad, it's days like this that make the hours of practicing, the tears, the money spent, and the endless drives to and from lessons worth it for me as a parent. It's a lot of work, expense, frustration, and time for everyone involved, but seeing their smiles of satisfaction and joy at accomplishing something so worthwhile reimburses me tenfold.
Sweet Teddi. It will be four years this coming Saturday since I held our little China bird for the very first time--one of the best May days of my life! Oh that the Lord would see fit to bestow upon me the honor and privilege of being Teddi's mama, He is good. Adoption is His heart, and my how it has blessed our nest. Theadora, you are a gift straight from your Heavenly Father's heart!
fledged---on June 9, we watched in awe as MISINBETWEEN
On a bright Sunday morning in 1980, my mare Peni Fadda was heavy with foal. I checked her before heading to church ( it was my sister's confirmation Sunday) and low and behold, Peni was waxed up! I couldn't wait to get home from the service thinking I would see a baby that I had waited so long for! After church I scrambled out to the barn, no foal... I brought Peni inside to a nice clean box stall my grandpa and I had fashioned just for this occasion. No sooner had I put her inside and Peni went immediately into labor. Soon a perfect chestnut filly was born! Coni had tons of visitors that day since everyone was eager to see the newborn foal, ( I think this is why she liked people so very much, all that socialization...) Coni was named in honor of her birthdate, Confirmation.... who knew??
14 entered
71. Feeling like I'm doing a good job of getting healthy food into my kids
"If I had magic powers, I'd make you feel better," I said at one point.
Jeremiah was God’s preacher to a nation that was bent on its own destruction. Not only was there resistance from the nation in general, but especially disappointing was there resistance from those of the priestly class that had some semblance of knowledge. As God’s preacher was lamenting his circumstances he cries out to the Lord, “O Lord, You induced me…” (Jeremiah 20:7). The word “induced” is also rendered “coerced,” “enticed,” “persuaded.”
“I got ya,” he said. “Loud and clear.”
2 T balsamic vinegar
Ooh..it got worse. So much worse. And no, I didn't sleep till 5am in the morning.
Domaine Du Cedre (Bourgueil): Yummy pink sparkler. No room in suitcase. Bummer.
So we begin my GBV series of postings with my top 5 tracks from their 1992 LP Propeller, so named because after 4 LPs that barely sold out their 500 or 1000-run pressings in Dayton, OH, the band figured it would be the record that finally propelled them out of the middle of Ohio. Sadly, it didn't, but it's certainly not for the lack of quality songs. I think they needed a bigger label or distributor, with this same record, to make it out of the indie circuit minor league's minor league, which they didn't have for a couple more records.
1. Place the flour on a plate. In a shallow bowl, beat the eggs; place 1 cup cheese on another plate. Working with one cutlet at a time, coat the chicken with the flour, then egg and then cheese, pressing to adhere. Transfer to a plate.
At best I probably could have also finished Elixir and gotten through Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, if I hadn't lost that day.
This is the most important advice I want to give on this subject. If you decide to get yourself a web site and trust me, you will at some point, don't dig yourself in a hole with a designer who is going to leave the country and leave you no way of updating the information on your own.
2) Show the 7 winners names and links on your blog, and leave a comment informing them that they were prized with "Honest Scrap." Well, there's no prize, but they can keep the nifty icon
I’ve been on your shoe
now reaches new height
Add mixture to broth. Heat till thickened.
There are so many adorable styles out there, I had trouble narrowing down the list. I know of course that more than just the level of formality affects how you chose your dress. Location (both the state/country and venue, time of day and temperature are all factors in your decision. I mean, remember my search for the black tie gown that I wrote about here and here? So what I have for your today is a wide range of options. That way, hopefully no matter when and where the wedding you are attending is, Tartan & Sequins has got you set. Happy shopping :)
At this point, I should probably thank Jen, a book clubber, because I "borrowed" books she no longer wanted to keep, aka books she wasn't planning on rereading. She was going to donate it, but I took them instead. I have the big box in my trunk (it's easier to keep in there and take out several books instead of transporting the entire box). Fear not, I will donate it after I get through the books.
Hergé
- Pike press to Push up
This morning was special for me. I demonstrated the differences between an electric and an acoustic guitar for my daughter and her second grade classmates.
Epilogue: A handful of years later, the day of salvation is nigh. As of this post’s drafting*, I am in the process of digging through the hundreds of thousands of well-intentioned but collectively sorry old words in preparation to raise the story back to life. …Which, at this outlining stage, feels disconcertingly like robbing graves to piece together a creature ripe for reanimation by lightning.
so on days it's packed guess what? it's awkward...i don't know why, it just is. i always advocate that this isn't about taboos...thus this blog.
maybe it's just ME who's touched.
Once dough is done resting, paint with water and using a sharp knife make longitudinal slashes on the loaf. Using pizza peel slide baguette onto stone, or place parchment paper with baguette onto overturned baking sheet. Pour 1 cup hot water into baking pan and close door immediately. Bake for 25 minutes.
—The Flooded Earth: Our Future In a World Without Ice Caps by Peter D. Ward (Basic Books). Ward, a paleontologist, has produced a disturbing overview of how terrestrial ecosystems might be fundamentally changed as sea levels rise—and rise, and rise. Ward has the benefit of calling upon data taken from extremely distant phases of the earth's history, almost all of which becomes highly alarming when transposed to the present and near-future earth. "This book is based on the fact that the earth has flooded before," he writes, including phases in which seas rose globally at rates of up to 15 feet per century.
Guests:::
But meanwhile, in a third-world, poverty-stricken, war-torn country in Africa….
This week was a little bit crazy. But overall, it was still a good week, even if I missed a run. Life happens :)
On this summer solstice, the most luminous day of the year, i’ve decided to publish this piece in his memory and honor. Though now he is no longer with us physically, i believe that this was just another transformation, a rebirth of a different sort. I also post this as a tribute to those of us left behind- for my brother Ryan especially, our extended family, Greg’s friends and loved ones, and all those who have been through hard times and are on the path of being ‘reborn’ and rising to new heights with the hard fought wisdom in hand that comes from struggling and enduring…
Now, we’ve moved on to medium. We just bought Pampers and Moony today, so we’ll see how they work. One thing’s for certain, the medium fits much better than the small. Pampers fits extremely well, and my wife said that she’s probably a Pampers baby, meaning she’s the right shape for them. The Moony diapers have an advantage, though. They have an elastic waste band. We’ll see how both brands hold up to leaks, and if they hold enough volume of poop.
I love watching little kids color. Everyone has a different technique. Some kids are very concerned with coloring inside the lines, and some just go nuts. Some kids make sure the colors are realistic, and some just want to see a blue duck.
earn 2x $5 +up
nature. This is because I like the sense of being free......
“We have confidence in the law. We never say our leaders are innocent,” the former health minister added, saying he could not comment on the case specifically as it would be subjudice.
Over the course of following this program, we found the program has helped us change our eating habit somehow. This change caused a change to our living style as well. All in all, the changes are good to us and we now enjoy eating even more than before.
minimum of 36 days, 6
-- Thank you, kindergarten friends exposed to nasty stuff. Should I forbid this, ridicule it, ignore it, subvert it? How how how? (I kind of do the last 3, though I really just want to do the first.)
64. Renewed energy after my cold/flu
In the old days, fans hunted for music in record stores. Now the internet makes it easy, and free. "Here's to the hunter, here's to the great pursuer. Here's to the hunter. Drink to the evil doer….here's to the hunter in us all."
The thing I find hardest to stomach about Apollo is his murder of the original priestesses of Delphi, and his wholesale stealing of their cult. Because that’s what the ‘Arrows of the Sun’ story is all about. I don’t like it when matriarchal societies are trampled—that’s the feminist in me coming out. Hermes was the one I voted for. It’s that pure cheekiness and effrontery about him which I love—and the story where he steals Apollo’s cows when he is only a baby makes me laugh every time. I just think he’d be the most fun to be with—but then I’ve always been on the side of the bad boys and the rebels!
Florist/Caterer/Rentals: My future mother-in-law of course!
“I heard where Aryc and Darky were going to meet so I made sure that I got there first and hid.” She explained where the location was and how she waited in a tree. “Just listen to the tape, Kenny.”
What do you most enjoy about food?
I thought you knew where
5) Oh, got my tax refund. Yay! I'll be booking my flight to Chicago this weekend. Robyn and I want to coordinate so we can be on the same flight there and back.
Whilst we were there we bumped into people we knew and got lost and found each other again, stopped for coffee and carried on shopping. At one point I caught myself looking at the black and white photos of the designers and for a split second, wondered how I might live my life over, go to furniture design college and join the IKEA designer family, so I might always live in a house like this, where life is beautiful, Swedish and ordered.
This year, was a sold out event and attended by some 800 guests. All primarly in the medical profession. More than one hundred artists donate a piece of art, which is carefully juried. The inaugural event, some years ago, showcased " Featured Artist" Sophie Matisse, the great grand daughter of French painter Henri Matisse.
I could tell that you did..
73. Like Mandarin Kirsten Hubbard
since im not a math person i have to ask how old where you when Austin was born?
Did you know today is Star Wars Day? And in the spirit of May Fourth, I’m sharing random lines from Episodes IV, V, and VI—a hearty dose of TWSS (or TWHS) for any Star Wars fan. Enjoy.
we'll go fishing in the crawfish hole
Gregory: Welcome to the show Newt
Arrange the slices in the bottom and sides of the dish as in the first picture, making sure the base of the dish is covered as much as possible.
Preheat the oven to 190*C/375*F/ gas mark 5. Butter a large baking sheet well, or line with parchment paper.
Catch you all soon and hopefully this bug will be gone then too
or a natural earth spirit
If we could choose to be hopeful, then this world would have a lot less depressed people. So today I will try and trust that there's a reason He's being quiet in my life right now. Trusting God is the way to hope.
The assistant pleaded guilty in October to the same charges: theft of major artwork and conspiracy to commit theft of major artwork. The pleas capped a case that was a wake-up call for archives and historical institutions nationwide to strengthen their security, prompting checks for visits by the pair and whether anything from historical collections was missing.
Collect all 21 maps of Eriador to obtain a Map of Eriador (Only 8 available in this festival) = The title “Eriador Cartographile + 10 Turbine Points.
I got a taste, albeit just an appetizer, of the life of a writer. To reiterate - awesome.
But it didn't sell. Adam, like many other authors I know, was screwed by the system. Because the system, as it exists, eventually screws everybody.
1.) Jude begging to play baseball 2.) my random sweet-n-low packet laying around the kitchen 3.) " bun-bun" all dressed up 4.) the never ending bottles needing to be washed 5.) Hutch ... I didn't include Harvey...didn't think he was to missed
“How can you bash any one who believes in God as shown above with B, and then say they are closed minded?” I can bash them, because they are stupid and ignorant people that believe in nonsensical things to which exists no evidence for. They are close-minded. I’m sorry though that I’m not as open-minded as you. You are open-minded, L. You are open-minded about a god, evolution, etc. You are so open-minded that your brain has fallen out.
Well after all there is no point in wishing small is there? This sentiment is from the Big & Bold Wishes set. What is nice about them is that it can take up a large spot on the card front without overwhelming it, great when you have pretty DP that you want to show off.
This book has so many levels to grasp onto. Whether you’re into sci-fi and fantasy, or you just want a good story about growing up, making hard choices and doing the ‘right’ thing. This book will grab you and take you for a wonderful imaginary ride. That ride, will also make poignant jabs at your own past, or someone you likely know.
On the other hand, I don't want to lose the period in my growth that this blog was always intended to chronicle, and so I've decided that the best thing to do is keep this blog for as long as Blogger/Google maintains the space, but develop a new website for most of my future online interaction.
Muriel, ou le temps d'un retour (Alain Resnais, 1963) - "It's as though these characters are trapped by this story, as trapped as the partying bourgeois of Buñuel's The Exterminating Angel, made the year before. Buñuel trapped his characters in a physical space, but Resnais encircles these people only with the boundaries of narrative and cliché. They're hemmed in by the story, by the editing, by the illogic of a film where everything seems to be perpetually on the verge of happening without ever quite getting there. The characters keep expressing their emotions, telling and retelling their stories, exploring a past that seems to be evasive and contradictory, but they never progress beyond their state of stasis, repeating the same actions and the same arguments over and over again."
I did mention that I am the weekly Sonic gift card winner, did I not!?
including sewing.
There are real standards of right and wrong that exist beyond the parameters of conditioning or social consensus. Am I talking about "religious stuff" now? I don't know, to me, God isn't "religious stuff."
As for specific pairings, I thought the beer went particularly well with the green bean casserole. It was more of a contrasting pairing as opposed to a complimentary pairing. The fruitiness was interesting counterpoint to a dish full of green beans and mushrooms, though the caramelized onions linked up perfectly with the caramel malt flavors in the beer.
I must say, there is quite a bit to be said for the island culture: carefree, peaceful, content, worry-free, easy-going, chill, and relaxed…none of the stress and rushing around, the busyness and desensitization.
I would make a card for her daughter.
I saw this tune posted on one of the other blogs i follow, but it was probably over a year ago at this point. Here it is again.
B.A. (Honours) Sanskrit
Thursday, October 28, 7pm - 10pm
Those were the first five.
"The change prioritises doing the right thing over looking and sounding tough," he said. "Reforms which will give the UK one of the most child-friendly immigration systems in the developed world."
For the past 3+ months I've been working so hard on being healthier.
By the 1970s gospel music was at a crossroads. Rhythm and blues had moved into soul, and the old-timey feel of much of gospel was alienating younger audiences. It fought back by adapting the sounds of contemporary funk and soul to their songs of devotion, and in recent years these records have become some of the hottest items amongst collectors. However until now the Stax Organisation and its Gospel Truth
I’m trying to teach my kids the value of hard work and discipline. Now, I’m not perfect at this, mind you. No one is… But, Pam and I are trying to teach and train in our home so that our children will be blessings to their future mates and not burdens. This kidult, pictured above is in for a rough life. I’m thinking he’s around 16 or 17 years of age by the looks of him and I’m afraid he’ll be living with his parents till he’s about 35. So sad!
I also make the point that sometimes teachers will insist that students not use Wikipedia and that my goal as a librarian is to make them aware of other sources that have greater credibility with their teachers.
This all seems like a huge digression from my story, but nothing happens by chance you see, so it will all come together, if I have the time. Time: that's one of the disadvantages of living in space-time and having to use sensory-intellectual consciousness and those slippery little
Guest #6 for Kis63….Tune in to hear from the 8th pick of the 1998 NFL Draft that went to the Cowboys as their first pick!
Corps park attendants are government bid positions. I think it pays roughly $70 to $90 a day depending on the park and the bid. The work day is 10 hours, 5 days per week, 4/1 through 7/1. 8 hours a day 7/1 through 10/1. Job responsibilities are limited to handling reservations and checking people in at the gate. The gate is closed 10 pm to 6 am. Pretty much a piece of cake.
TIP: Save your back! Instead of standing over your fabric marking lines for an hour, either purchase pre-quilted fabric; have the quilt store quilt the fabric for you or invest in this kind of presser foot (and then you'll only need to mark one line).
7. Summon the spawn
Held at The Writer’s Center: 4508 Walsh Street, Bethesda, MD 20815. There is ample parking across the street (free on weekends), and the theatre is just blocks away from the Bethesda Metro Station on the red line.
He said in the Commons that his officials’ study of the position last week showed that claims of border desk queues were exaggerated and the longest queue was at Terminal 5 at Heathrow last Friday, where non-EU passengers were forced to wait for 90 minutes. The queues were “significantly less” for EU and U.K. arrivals, he added.
Ooh, i just farted. I made chili for dinnner.
Now see? this post about "Pam", on Eartha Kitsch's blog, just gets me. About how everything we are, gets thrown out, or if we are lucky, sold off when we die. Or at least, some of us lol. Do you think about this? I do. Too much.
It was an honor to be able to share this event with so much of my family.
Les nouveautés seront disponibles vendredi 3 février à partir de 5h du matin, heure de Paris! Et comme toujours, faites un petit tour sur le blog d'All That Scraps, pour essayer de gagner:-)! Bisous et merci de votre visite! A demain:-)!
Whatever the appeal, the shop seems successful
The prophet, Habakkuk, wasn’t like most of the other Old Testament prophets, who delivered messages from God. Instead, much of what Habakkuk wrote is full of questions for God, just as Mary and Martha asked questions of Jesus. In his brief book, Habakkuk asked:
"The key word there is 'April', Sir" I said, trying not growl.
The Academic Development Team, Academic Quality Team, Learner Development Team and (I think) E-Learning Team are co-located and work closely together.
i just got out the measuring tape and am amazed at how big this book actually is, that i was so stupid as to think it would be convenient for the entire group to mail back and forth across this great big country: 10" x 15", with a spine six inches thick!!! but everyone was a true trooper, and the results are incredible.
I don’t want to restrict grace in your life, but rather I hope to set it free. I hope to unleash the shackles that have bound you to a life of laws that told you you can only show grace in certain situations or that you can only be gracious at certain times or that being gracious in all situations is illusory. I want grace to be the principle that governs your relations with all people in your life: friends, enemies, children, relatives, and yourself. What I am hoping to do with grace in these sermons is teach you that you have been saved by grace and that, as such, you continue to be saved by grace each day. When God saved you by his grace he did not change the rules after and expect you to live by law from that point forward. If you have been saved by grace, he expects you to live by grace too. When grace is your very life you don’t need and won’t need my silly bullet-points concerning grace. When grace is your life it will always be your first, second, last, and only option. It is terribly liberating to live in such a way.
CANBUS
Dr. Jianping Chen, Zhejiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, China
I'M ALMOST DONE WEEK.
When I was single, I used to eat whatever and whenever I wanted. Since I had no one else to think about, I didn’t worry about meal planning. I rarely cooked; to tell the truth, I really didn’t know how. There were a few recipes that I had picked up from my mother but mostly, I either ate out or had food delivered. In fact, when I would call the local Chinese place and say, “Hi, I’d like an order delivered,” they recognized my voice and knew my address by heart!
Puzzled. By this speculative Beatles album cover:
The weather is heating up and we’re hot and heavy into construction. Let’s get together and enjoy a cold one. Join us at the future brewpub on Saturday, June 12 from 7-10 PM for an evening of good beer and good music shared with good people in a co-operative environment.
"Call me Bessie, darling. Everyone here does." Bessie flipped thoughtfully through the pages on the counter. "As it turns out, we do have just one room left. It's at the end of the first floor, and has two beds. Would that work out alright for you?"
even if you must grieve
Rita Petry later became Mendonsa’s wife and settled in Rhode Island.
That night, I hardly slept a wink. My mind was filled with troubled thoughts and strange emotions. The ghosts in my head were teasing me, taunting me.
While going through my mail I always toss bills aside and head straight for the catalogs and magazines. This past weekend I was happy to see the new West Elm catalog in my stack of mail. I loved seeing that they have collaborated with Etsy. I love Etsy, but it can a bit overwhelming going through all of it. WE made things a little easier for me and spotlighted some of their favorite shops.
I have an announcement!
My happy little home in the middle of a farm in Manchester, TN made me actually think about camping for real, not just at a music festival. Craziness, right? But if you came home to this every night, wouldn't you want to spend more time here, too?
Longing itself brings the cure.
Make sure to ‘set’ the cream liner with a corresponding eyeshadow. (This helps it to wear all day) I like the Expresso eyeshadow from Merle Norman when I use their Lasting Cream Liner in Coffee, and MAC Carbon eyeshadow when using their black cream liner.
Gameplay is easy to learn as you can opt to have in-game hints, or step up to the challenge with minimal aid. Combat is stress-inducing as weapons are obviously scarce, requiring Alan Wake-like concocting on the fly. Strategy comes into play as you rid of walker scum with caution not to turn a stealthy kill of one into a manic killing of a swarm. But make sure you are quick with your button pushing. A sluggish reaction to the real-time button input, and you’re zombie meat. I was a bit too slow in one of my game-changing decisions (each choice you make, whether in combat or conversation, alters the episode) and the whole fleet succumbed. It definitely keeps you on your toes.
“How else wouldst a lady ride?”
“Reestablish it, fix it. It’s like losing one of your legs,” Bea said.
See u you here soon on my new pace,
Second Speaker, without thought or hesitation: “Too many veggies?”
11. Wedding Bell Blues - The 5th Dimension / 2:44
Anyway, So Hubby and I dressed up for the breakfast ~ we're the ummm.... "hosts" after all AND we dressed up again for the evening event.
The Jerome women spent about three years at the court of Napoleon III before fleeing to England with the onset of the Franco-Prussian War in 1870. There, they settled into the rhythms of Queen Victoria’s London. Jennie was a great beauty, spoke several languages, was accomplished at the piano, and, like her father, was passionate about horses.
1tsp siracha
Successful St Patty’s Day? I’d say so.
So what about you guys? I wanna see some of your past costumes. What are your plans for this Halloween? Will you be dressing up or handing out candy?? Do you carve pumpkins too?? Tell me all about it!!
Then I opened it and someone had lined the lid with Italian stationery in a design I also love (and have used lots over the years, and still own a bit of something similar). I would have taken that as a sign to BUY IT, years back. This time I took it as a sign to think warm thoughts, take its photo, and leave it for someone else.
It was an absolutely wonderful time. The owners and lead performers were elated that they managed to pack the house even playing opposite Suzanne Vega (I would guess that having six High School students in the troupe and therefore drawing in parents and uncles and aunts and grammas and grampas may have had something to do with that, heh heh, although objectively speaking it was in fact a great time). The overly talkative people at the table behind me (why would you come to a live music performance and then TALK NONSTOP, LOUDLY SO AS TO BE ABLE TO HEAR EACH OTHER OVER THE MUSIC for half of the second set?) even partially redeemed themselves by asking me on their way out if the bass player was my son, because they’d thought I looked like him.
Noting that a Poly board member projected the cost of Rogers Hall renovations at $200 million, the memo suggested that figure as a benchmark. Further, it argued that the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU)--an apparent successor to the MCC--set specific investments independent of Poly’s assets, to transform the school to a top-level engineering institution.
What strikes me is that while their root actually means “hard” (as in the opposite of soft) or “difficult”, there is also an overriding optimism in most of these words, a theme of lasting, of coming through.
e) The prohibition for the Defendants to perform the reproduction or comment, opinion or interview, where said thesis is defended or from where it can be inferred;
Before sitting down to write this I did a bit of research on the "origin of language" and find I am in good company. It seems when and how language was developed has been debated for over a hundred years. At one time the subject became so heated the discussion was banned. There are several circulating theories, one being we are genetically encoded. I am not an academian, anthropologist, archeologist nor am I a linguistist; I am simply a lover of words (though probably a poor user of words).
Oscar, a baby chimp, is nurtured by his fiercely protective mom Isha. As is true with most moms, she tries to teach her son everything she can so that he can take care of himself when the time comes for him to be on his own. Unfortunately, that comes much sooner than expected.
I think I may be eating a lot of ice cream over the next two weeks.
In the end I liked the zucchini with sauce better than the pasta version. Zucchini with meat sauce ended up being the perfect pairing. I tried to eat everything on my plate, but after finishing the zucchini, I didn’t have a lot of room for pasta.
I’m excited and a little scared – I’ll have the Tower of Terror 10 miler just a week before. Eek!
Johannesburg - The smile with which she greets the country each morning is slowly but surely fading - because of crime, says TV personality Leanne Manas.
Bernadette welcomes her back to the campus, then gives her a gift. The gift turns out to be the roll of film they had taken at Cabrini Green. Bernie also tells her that a publisher has expressed an interest in publishing her findings.
sugar. Place pork chops on top of sweet potatoes. Bake
Now patience…patience…wait for them to dry and then…. using the most brilliant dotting tool (found ours on EBay for couple of quid) get some black polish on a bit of card, dotting tool in hand and dot dot dot dot….
He shivered as the evening enveloped the landscape. He would have to heal before he could move. He did not know how long it would take, but he had no choice. He could not find her until the bones in his body fused back together and the deep wounds in his back closed. He was immortal but not unbreakable.
It can be hard to keep positive, especially when others and circumstances seem to be conspiring to pull you down. You need to protect yourself and give yourself a chance to stay positive. Improving your self esteem gives you that protection.
Aye Sally. I wrote ‘Joe’ at fourteen years of age. It was a very steamy novel, and was all of a school exercise book in length (small writing). Every single chapter ended with the eponymous hero having sex with someone. Yes. (Are you cringing yet? Yes, I can feel it from here.) Trouble was, I was such an innocent, I had absolutely no idea what actually did happen. Mechanics and things. The ins and outs. (Sorry). Thus, in my first novel, each
After locating the site, I revisited the idea of the bang being a rectilinear room in which programs were based on the interior furnishings of the room. This made me question the shape of the room and how a sloped wall would affect the interior program. Then, I questioned how rotating this module would affect the types of programs that the bang offered and how it could begin to shape experiences as well. This ultimately lead to a discovery in which the bangs could be developed as modules that stack with one another and the overlapping walls and floors could become a hybrid surface in which the program above and below or side by side share that surface’s form and use it for different functions.
The first time I saw Edvard Munch's "The Scream", my less than reverent reaction was: "I don't like it."
Klosterbrauerei Weltenburg Weltenburger Kloster Barock-Hell
leaving very little time to ourselves?
Us: LAUGHING HYSTERICALLY.
And the master (okay, only) bedroom:
Psalm 49:15 also says: But God will redeem my life from the grave; he will surely take me to himself.
I thought he was unctuous and oily and servile and I'm really glad my contact with him was limited. He's just not my kind of person, ya know? I like my people to be more... human. With feelings and stuff.
blue parrot bluetooth Bluetooth Screenless Hands-Free System; No Need For A Screen-System Offers A Voice Menu For Accessing Its Functions; Blends In Seamlessly Inside Any Vehicle; Automatic Phonebook Synchronization; Training-Free Multi-Speaker Voice Recognition; Speech Synthesis Of Names In Phonebook; Contact Management-Up To 2,000 Contacts Per Phone; Easy Installation, Brand ParrotMade for iPodWireless Remote ControlIntegrates with your CarHands Free Driving and Music StreamingMade for iPhone
However, magistrate Rick Moore ruled that officers were likely to have been alarmed by the defendant's words.
Basically all you need to do is click on the thumbnail of one of my paintings (they have 10 up there more but we have many more designs in the works coming soon). Even though they only show the Square crop at first, be assured that the full versions of the artwork are on the products! From there you can select the type of device, and then the make & model of the device from the dropdown selection. Voila!
Do not rinse it, but take a shower cap and sat on his head for 30 minutes anyway. A few people prefer to add something to it. All it takes is a female louse to reproduce 150 lice. Even if children recognize that there is something moving in the hair, surely, they are already infected with lice since.
Below is the picture I took of the bridge today. It has plenty of space and lots of trees. I think it would be very pretty.
5. Love of My Life (03:05)
….but I know of many – who are afraid of this Life.
No one likes long run backs. Mass rez is SO BEAUTIFUL. /tear. I didn’t get to experience the Molten Core run back when it was content, but I’ve heard it was brutal. I did get to do Serpentshrine Cavern, because nothing’s more fun than swimming through a narrow tunnel when you’re a wisp. Really, try it.
It's concerning to think that industry might be leaving the borough while an influx of intelligentsia creates a real estate and development bubble in parts of the city within quick reach of Manhattan. Lauded areas of Brooklyn boom while others languish. How strong a bond is "cool," and how long does cool linger?
This blog will not be a personal blog about the shark you hate, it will be a blog about poker and my way to start up a new poker site.
Obama has always been pro-gay rights. His administration has members who are either gay or favor gay rights initiatives. After Obama’s pro-gay marriage statement, his Secretary of Education, Arne Duncan, lent his support, but before being exposed and forced out from his position as DOE’s Director of the Safe and Drug Free Schools program, Kevin Jennings was the founder of the radical Gay, Lesbian, Straight Education Network.
She spent a night at Apollo’s temple at which time the temple snakes licked her ears clean so that she was able to hear the future. However, when she did not return his love, Apollo placed a curse on her so that no one would ever believe her predictions. She is a figure both of the epic tradition and of tragedy, where her combination of deep understanding and powerlessness exemplify the ironic condition of humankind.
Three Chinese women traveled to the CNMI in August and September 2010 after allegedly being promised jobs at a new hotel that Lin was opening on Saipan.
by Benjamin Fulford, 3-26-12
So pardon me as I dance around the room singing, "Don Reid of the Statler Brothers e-mailed me! He liked my review! My six degrees of separation to the country music world has been cut tremendously!" Wow, that is a wordy little ditty to sing!
PROVERBS 14:26-27
Having dedicated her book to “those who hear, those who see”, Shafak hands over to Esma Toprak, a London-bred Turkish Kurd, as she prepares to set off for Shrewsbury Prison to collect her brother, who has just served a 14-year term for murder. It is implied, but not confirmed, that his victim was their mother. Esma admits to having thought often about killing her brother in revenge. And yet she plans to welcome him back into the house she now shares with her husband and two daughters.
In case I haven't mentioned it like maybe 100 times the past few weeks, we are leaving for Florida later this week. I tried on the board shorts I normally wear over my swimsuit (that I cannot find) and they wouldn't even go over my fat butt!! Really?! We'll be swimsuit/board short shopping today. And possibly school clothes shopping... just to get a little ahead of the the game. School starts back August 25. And we have a ton of stuff going on the next few weeks.
Bio Engineering Greenhouse and Pre-Garden Worlds.
We finally finished Trumpet of the Swan and loved it through and through. It was such a lovely story with both a silly and gentle sense of humor and a kind soul. Last night we started Little House in the Big Woods. After hearing so many of my Yarn Along companions talk about the Little House series over these past winter months, when asked by my mom what we would like her to send our little people for Valentine’s Day this year I suggested she get us this treasured series. (It can be tricky sending gifts to a family in the throws of a serious and intentional downsize. Thanks, Mom!) I remember reading all of these books as a young girl and am excited to share these stories with my little ones. They are timeless tales of struggle and joy and family and childhood. Good stuff, these books.
The Economy:
...as the Musician and I watched a bit of TV and enjoyed a glass of sparking apple cider.
In this first video, the super cute video host shows 1 sweater and 16 ways to wear it! But I'm quite sure this could work with a nice long top as well - at least I'm gonna give it a try!
“Special interests like the Colorado Bankers Association won’t be able to come back and change it in future years,” Fowler told Westword. “This is going to affect the bottom line of the lawyers and the bankers, and we know that and don’t take this lightly. We believe that the foreclosure crisis is the biggest issue our national economy is facing.”
The conifer never stopped growing- and eventually it became too hard to wrestle yourself out of the car if you wanted to get into the house.
Perkins characters are incredible. They are funny and complicated and imperfect and authentic. I love that St. Clair was short and had crooked bottom teeth, and that Anna had the streak of blond in her hair. Nobody was straight-forward or one dimensional, even the characters that sometimes come across as the bad guys– and for quite a lot of the book, I felt that way about St. Clair, mainly because I have a huge issue with guys who keep other girls hanging on, while they're in a relationship. But even with St. Clair's complicated relationship status, he managed to win me over by the end.
At the stale mate
Compassion for the sinner. Compassion for the unloved. Compassion for the hungry. Compassion for the weak. Compassion for the sick. Compassion for the blind. Compassion plenty...for you and for me.
People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges. –Joseph Fort Newton
- Heavy Flamer: Range Template, S5, AP4, Assault 1 OR
At Scotland Yard, the summons to Hamlin House has been received and a squad of constables is ready to set out. The assistant commissioner knows now that Inspector Burke's preparations -- carefully set in motion by the work of an undercover agent -- are about to bear fruit.
Mahon was executed for murder in September 1924.
The other happens when you express some thoughts of suicide, or wanting to do something - anything - to stop feeling the pain. Many people respond to that by telling you to think of how your suicide would affect other people - friends, family, lovers, children. You know what? If you killed yourself, it would have a tragic, long-lasting impact on the people around you. I know, because I have had people I cared about kill themselves, too. You can use the pain your death would cause others as a reason not to do it, if that works for you.
A very happy girl indeed.
“I’ll go get some stuff to make chicken soup. And maybe look at air purifiers, in case you’re allergic.”
So don't forget to stop by the TPS blog and check out the other Dt's members previews and if you leave a comment there you could win her for yourself!
This includes:
"I seek the honored wisdom of The Town Elders."
That is explained in the Caitanya-caritam<U+1E5B>ta,
radiant rain
This actually stemmed from her religious beliefs. (Now I'm all for people believing whatever it is when it comes to religion, but in her case she's a loony tune and phony when it comes to being a Christian.) She spouts off all the time about the bible and her beliefs. She's a homophobic bitch as well. As a parent of a gay daughter I quite frankly get tired of hearing how my daughter and all gay people are hell bound. She always starts this nonsense when a gay couple, or I should say, a suspected gay couple in her mind, comes into the store and she doesn't want to work with them. I usually keep my mouth shut because she isn't worth arguing with, but I'd finally had enough of her crap so we pulled a joke on her. While she deserved it, in hindsight the boss got a little too carried away with it.
so, obviously, that said, i’m going to go put on a load of laundry now. and maybe vacuum or something…
[I]t’s perhaps no coincidence that Jake’s surname recalls Charles Marlowe, Joseph Conrad’s narrator in Heart Of Darkness and the man who hears ivory trader Kurtz’s last words in the jungle of the Belgian Congo where Kurtz has committed unspeakable acts: “The horror! The horror!” Jake, we learn, once “killed and ate love”.
For much of the nation’s history, applejack, peach brandy and other fruit spirits were key characters in the realm of American drinks. Today, bartenders and craft distillers are rediscovering the appeal of fruit spirits, and this is the most dynamic era in generations for the production and use of these brandies.
I am caught between yesterday and tomorrow.
What we are now seeing is a lot of “Dumb husband…smart wife” commercials and ads. This isn’t good. It’s the normal way of our society shifting past equality and norms, and instead going to the other extreme.
Old farmhouses or the new purpose built tourist accommodation? Two farmhouses come with a ‘donkey’ – light the wood fire to heat water. There is no electricity, this is WAY off grid. The new houses use traditional mud bricks (= adobe) and eucalyptus beams. There are five cottages spread out, the neighbours far enough away to be undisturbed. Or, you can have a farmhouse all on its own.
So, for those of you who are my prayer warrior buddies, please pray for our family as it will be busy and demanding, I'm sure, as we will have 4 under the age of 6. I know the Lord is good and by His Grace I can do ALL things through Him who gives me strength. He is the One who gives and takes away, the Ever-Present help in trouble, the Prince of Peace, the I AM, and Sustainer. He comforts and protects, He guides and directs. What would I... could I do without Him?!?! So. Knowing all this and believing it, I have to die to self a little more and submit fully to Him as I will continue to need Him minute by minute. Raising children is such a blessing, but isn't always easy and I am no perfect parent by any means. In fact, I fail many times at what I do, but there is nothing else here on Earth that I'd rather be doing. This is what I love and have been called to do. So, please pray for me (us), and that God would give me a new excitement and take away any fears or doubts. It is so easy to allow our flesh to worry and say, I can't do this. Apart from Him, I can't. But with Him and the power He has given me I can!
weather on Sunday was a tad crappy, which foiled Phil's plans to
Melissa W: What is your favorite line, passage, chapter from this book?
I am no Ishmael.
“Which is?”
Looking forward to a swift reply,
We came to the living room window, through which we saw Grannie Gertie sitting peacefully on the couch, just as she had been when we left her to go to the bus station.
Having played for almost a continuous decade, Sgt. is one of the veteran post-rock bands in Japan. Sgt. can offer what only an experienced band can deliver, a tight sound. The composition of their music is a version of post-rock that is soaked with classical, noise, jazz and emo motifs. This can be attributed to the pr the essence of a female violinist who clutches onto the band’s sound and takes it in new directions.
This liberal article promotes the idea that it is OK for us to continue programming our poor children to continue a lifestyle choice of generational poverty, crime and failed thinking that traps them in their circumstance of poverty for a lifetime. In fact, it is even worse; it promotes the idea that it is WRONG to teach kids how to think and live successfully through peer pressure. That is a far harsher penalty than using peer pressure to reward and correct kids for their bad/antisocial/unsuccessful mindset, attitude and behavior.
(If you missed that, it was my idea light bulb going off)
The difference of number is nothing but the difference of the proper and individual form, and to differ in number is to differ in form. Two men have two different forms, two lions have two different forms. If Socrates and Plato, or any other individual men differing in number, should not differ in essence and form, they should differ only accidentally one from the other, as one man differs from himself, or as Socrates in his old age differs from Socrates in his youth, being the same man and differing only in accidents, not in essence. Socrates should be Plato, and Plato Socrates, and when Alexander rides Bucephalus, Aristotle sits in the same saddle, and it were impossible not to set the saddle upon the right horse, for every horse is the same essentially; and he that stealeth one horse, he stealeth all the horses in the world, because the essence of the one is the same with the essence of the other. There is a difference, indeed, in accidents, but none in essence; there being, according to this account, no essential or substantial difference between them.
"Mistletoe Over Manhattan" is a Chesler/Perlmutter Production. Lewis Chesler, David Perlmutter and Rob Vaughn are executive producers. Marek Posival is producer. John Bradshaw directed from a script by Hilary Hinkle and Linda Engelsiepen.
Klive
Plans Are Meaningless Guidelines
A "best of" compilation, 1979-1982, appeared in 2007, pulling ten tracks from the two Alley Cats albums and nothing from either Zarkons record (although inexplicably excluding undeniable classics like "Nothing Means Nothing," "Too Much Junk," or "Give Me A Little Pain"). The accompanying DVD with five video clips is a nice touch, however, and this CD remains the only in-print example of The Alley Cats' work.
If you have been thinking about joining Shaklee as a member, please check out our new member special, here!
The US website “Water, use it wisely“ has 112 suggestions for saving water. Some of them are quite specific to the American situation … and some assume that you have things like a pool, but if you take those out, you’re still left with 100 ideas.
(from the original post, 23 Sept 2009): Spending years perfecting their musical (and vocal!) chops in countless bars in Toronto and beyond, this is the group that, three short years later, became The Band. During that three years, these guys were some of the most controversial musicians around, backing Bob Dylan on his first worldwide electric tours. Creating some of the most alive, raw and soulful music ever heard, they were booed almost everywhere for the heresy of perverting pure folie Dylan. Little did they know Bob always wanted to be a rock star and the incredible musicianship of the Hawks helped him achieve what he always wanted!
See the devil may do as the devil may care
19. Herbed Butter
We're growing weeds. And bamboo - invasive, huge, waving, threatening bamboo, rampaging wildly in a head-height border at the side of the ramp. It looms over us as we enter, rustling its leaves ominously.
For example, if my 4 inch long piece only stretches to 5 inches long, (ie one inch is gained) then I have a 25% (1/4) stretch. If you are comparing two pieces of fabric, you don't have to do the math though. Just stretch them together and make sure they are pretty close. They don't have to be exact, but if you try to stitch something with a ton of stretch to something fairly stable, the stretchy side may grow out of proportion to the non-stretchy side.
To the best of my knowledge I have just had my second miscarriage. At the end of the day, I wasn't really pregnant, I was only just there - 5/6 weeks possibly?
Thinking back, that’s exactly what this kupiah-wearing snake did. I should have been more wary and suspicious of people instead of being so trusting; and had I known about these characteristics, I surely would have. This unpleasant encounter seemed to confirm my earlier concerns about stepping out of the shadows and rejoining society.
We also got asked to sponsor a pet photography workshop down in Melbourne by the multi awarded animal photographer and director of Wet Nose Fotos, Shannon Plummer. What’s even better is that they’ve teamed up with the dedicated volunteers at Homeless Hounds who will supply a plethora of dogs available for adoption for attendees to practice with at the workshop. It’s win-win! Participants will have the opportunity to not only practice on a variety of dogs breeds, but also various obedience and energy levels. We are thrilled to be sponsoring this great event and will be donating whatever we can.
The Pro-Atlantic Yards group was chanting for affordable housing which is tragic, because in this case "affordable" means people who can pay $100,000.
If you are a young person, a parent, or any person with a conscience, you should be working furiously to end war and to end debt bondage for students.
Lastly we discussed portals. Supposedly a portal is a revolving door where spirits can freely enter our world as well as the after life. These portals are almost always near or above water. At this point in our class I kept thinking of past episodes of Buffy the Vampire Slayer for some reason and kept zoning out. I don't remember much about portals and I'll be damned if I was about to take notes like ol' buck tooth in the class. Oh yes she did.
Chavet Cave rendition: 30-35,000 years old
In a desperate attempt to catch up, our second live 'Radio Podrophenia' show is now available for download... Conveniently titled Show 18! Recorded on 7th June, Mondo and I bring you a collection of songs based around the theme of 'numbers'.
5. Bake at 400 degrees for 20 minutes and check with a tooth pick to see if the centers of the muffins are baked. If not, put back in the oven for an additional 5 minutes and check again.
Oct 14 - Beat Kitchen - Chicago, IL
And here is the Montecristo Maravilla, a limited edition issued in 2005 for the fifth release of the Habanos Collection "Book" series and the 70th anniversary of the Montecristo Brand, an amazing double-robusto size 55 ring gage for 182 mm.
There are of course, bits that cause me some confusion. For instance, I didn't want to be a Buddhist this Wednesday, but didn't want to wimp out without good cause; everything worth doing needs discipline. But then my youngest daughter forgot that her room had been changed around recently. She misjudged a corner and tripped,falling straight into a wall and allowing her tiny, romanesque nose take the full force of the hit. The screams were no doubt heard on your street too. The nose bled and became swollen and there are the dark, tell tale thunder clouds of bruising threatening her from under the skin. No chanting for me that night, oh no!
T shirts from the 80s! if it has a kitten or a horse or a unicorn or a tiger on it, I want it! I guess it's catching on, I noticed a rail of them in Urban Outfitters in Dublin a couple of weeks ago!
ps- Sorry for the weirdly sized images, I know it's a blogging faux-pas (I'm working on it)
Stay tuned ... there's more chaos to come now that we have Sheridan's soccer schedule, Matt's Afghanistan training schedule, the kids spring break schedule, and of course, my new job!
Opening our eyes to other people’s belief systems or cultures doesn’t diminish what we do nor does it require that we change who we are; it just means that we have learned to appreciate how much richness there is in our world.
4. You can certainly cover the brad with a piece of ribbon and some hot glue but I like the flexibility of taking it off and changing the buttons or the flowers.
It's been a year ago,I am living a hard situation,I can't focus,create as i want to,I am failing in all my stuff,my friends,this is because I have this anxiety,hypochondria and fears...
Last week, I got my bramble bush of curly hair trimmed and straightened. As usual, my stylist was bracing himself against his salon station, wiping sweat from his brow, and rehydrating with Gatorade as necessary, as he attacked section by unwieldy section with his flat iron. Needless to say, it’s quite a lengthy process. While he was working, another stylist came over with her iPad and started showing us breathtaking pictures of her recent trip to Australia and New Zealand. And then she got to this series of pictures of her and three of her friends in front of the Sydney Opera House.
I should be thankful for everything, anything, the abundance, the choice, the too too much everywhere. But rather than piling up warming embers of gratitude on my chilled heart, all I'm getting is a steaming pile of should.
You can look an alpaca in the eye at any of the numerous alpaca farms in Peru, such as Mallkini, a farm with the tagline, “Alpaca Ranch and Adventure.”
So there's a boy wearing a viking helmet, brandishing a stick of lumber. He's guarding a windmill, and a ghostly presence is behind him, presumably handing out advice and encouragement, much like Obi-Wan in Star Wars.
as it makes me smile.
BTW, turtled or not, I love your purse. Care to share where you got it?
To celebrate that I now have over 200 followers (wow! How did that happen!?) I thought it was about time that I had a freebie giveaway of some Gingerbred goodies! I will leave the contents of the giveaway as a surprise... so you will have to wait and see. All you need to do to enter is leave a comment on this blog post... on Wednesday 1st June I will pick out a name at random and announce the winner (the lucky winner will then have to email me their postal address).
Once one appreciates what is happening you are confronted with it relentlessly, but sadly very few actually realise what is happening, it is, after all, what they have always known and what they have been taught to believe. They hardly even notice when they see themselves being replaced, not least in TV commercials, where progressively the average Briton is portrayed not by a white person, or indeed a black person, but by someone of mixed race, with the subliminal message that this is the new reality they should aspire to.
Some people call them Cornices, some call them valances, I used to call them "those fabric covered thingies that go over the curtains".BUT,
The one we both agreed on as definitely a favorite of the month is One and Only Ivan by Katerine Applegate:
Occasionally it still very much surprises me that I am here. Because I don't do things like this. I stay within a five mile radius of where I was born. I cling to security. And then I didn't. Unsurprisingly, or perhaps surprisingly, life feels pretty much the same here as it did in London, despite the shifting of tectonic plates.
Politically, Bersih 3.0 will reveal whether Malaysia will become more polarised or compromises can be reached. It will either provide momentum for the opposition, or signal an early election by Najib if turnout is low, in which he will win, in part due to the problems engendered in the system.
I truly want to take my blogging to the next level, I want to bring my readers one of a kind inspiration that comes from yours truly and I want to continue to inspire your wedding fashion for years to come.
Central State of Benue.
She nodded, but her hand tightened on his arm as they approached the frontier barrier. She need not have worried. An American customs agent wearing a Texas hat climbed aboard. "Y'all citizens?" he asked. They all were. "O.K." He climbed back down.
looking for the right meal at the right time...
( didn't the first time )
Can you achieve this, as you rub shoulders with negative work mates, or very ‘normal’ mundane bosses, who expect you to be a well behaved and very productive drone?
DAVID #2: That sounds like… that… why is my vision swimming?
Many of the viruses and bacteria can survive for hours on the equipment and other surfaces in the gym. This can be a threat to you because of the chaffing and scratches on the skin that regularly occur while using the equipment. This makes it easier for these germs to enter your body. Even though this is a risk, most gyms and strength coaches spend a certain amount of their time keeping your equipment sanitized.
I wanted to check in today to let you know I'm working on catching up on some of my card making as well as other stuff here at home. My husband Rick had his prostate cancer surgery last Friday so I've been away from home more than usual with his surgery and after care doctors visits. We live in a small town and have to travel to a larger city about 45 minutes away.
Priscilla. I wanted Madonna but the Priest said it wasn't a proper name.
He’s fought to make the world secure
P.S. I have most Original Music releases, and over time will make them available here. Several of the best ones have been posted already on the eclectically awesome Holy Warbles.
New me...new life...new apartment...new career...well you get it. I've put everything I needed to back together, and now...I'm really happy and ready to take on whatever life sends my way...well, except for rain...and maybe an IOU from the CA state tax board :)
06 Just The Way You Are
In less than a day, I will be seeing my family! Wheee! Updates on food and family will be coming are forthcoming.
Now the guy I am seeing may be a fantasy to some, but I know him in real life, the man I am with is in secondlife and he is so awesome. Him and I don't have sex, we talk and that is awesome because he listens to me. I know lots of men and the conversations I have with them do not classify as intelligent conversations.
them can be together as a family. I love this photo of Andrea Jeanne. I think
Dallas County has now exonerated 32 people since 2001, most during the tenure of District Attorney Craig Watkins. Almost all of those exonerations have involved faulty eyewitness identifications.
Breckenridge BBQ & Brew Pub Breckenridge Pandora's Bock
Needless to say, I am exhausted. I learned a very important lesson this week though...one that many new graduates don't learn until later in their orientation...I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING!!! My husband and my friends would certainly disagree with me on that, but it's true.
After finishing their meal, they pulled out semiautomatic weapons and demanded access to the cash register and the safe. As customers and employees huddled at the rear of the restaurant, an assistant manager slipped out and called police.
‘I met her on a bus,’ said the man. ‘She invited me back here. Oh God, it was hell. I can’t walk. Please help me.’
I'll keep you guys posted about this when the time comes.
It’s about 3<U+2033> height and 1.75<U+2033> on its widest part.
The number one emotional sales weakness hidden from view is called Non-Supportive Buy Cycle. (And it’s not the thing you ride.) Simply put – how a salesperson buys things will DIRECTLY 100% correlate into how he will sell things. Understanding this weakness requires a tremendous degree of open-mindedness. It is an extremely powerful weakness but very difficult to accept. While almost all salespeople will agree with the definition of how they buy, it usually takes some time before they understand and accept the impact that Buy Cycle has on the way they sell.
Day 5.
Feeling troubled and wanting to give myself more of a kickstart on the job front, Nate and I decided to go buy me some “australia” clothing. Fashion here is so incredibly different that im at a total loss as to how i can even fit in let alone be a step ahead. everyone here tends to dress like they walked off some catwalk in europe. This just led to even more shock and dissapointment to discover that here in Australia my petite 120lb frame is a size 10. talk about a blow to the ego when all the clothing here for my agegroup is made for anorexic women with big knockers. after spending hours trying on clothing and feeling like a semi deflated pear (round bottom and shirts tailored for D cups+) we finally gave up at the nice fashion places and headed into the underground mall.
Me: Gerrardo, if a cougar pounces on you, you have to make a loud noise, clap your hands together...
"Students fiddle with them during class and arrange swaps — trading, say, a bracelet with a mermaid for one with a dragon — when they should be concentrating on schoolwork, teachers say. Sometimes a trade goes bad — kids get buyer's remorse too — and hard feelings, maybe even scuffles, ensue."
I consider myself a why-person, therefore cool. I think, when I will stop to ask why, I will accept the way, how things work, and will stop to create those crazy ideas, which could change the world. (Once, during dinner – a brainstorming time with Giorgio – I was trying to solve the problem of buying the ticket on the metro, I suggested to Giorgio, that at the station, where people have to get out, a machine could read their names, which would be fed with the data by reading their ID card, and would know, where they are going to, based on an XML, they compile in the morning (Yes, I was really very innocent some years ago, like those people still believeing in the semantic web), and he only had to ask, so what would happen on the Marienplatz? Would the metro stop for over 5 minutes just to call out everyone’s name? Not to mention all the similar or even identic names).
We're being sponsored this fortnight by the fabulous KennyK who are offering our lucky winner 5 images of their choice, so definitely worth joining in with us.
Countries where
If you’re worried if the timing is a little late as the Wii is in its twilight hours, Square Enix is going to also release a Wii U version (*the Wii U is coming out at the end of 2012), meaning the online servers will continue for quite a while.
one of the “parastatal states”
Potential Means of reducing the disadvantages of Floor Area Ratio Controls
drwxr-xr-x 5 root root 1024 Oct 11 13:13 VRTSmuob
Captain Salvador is a pirate—and he didn’t intend to kidnap Charlotte. Instead, he’d planned to kidnap Commodore William Ransome’s wife—not his sister. The plan work work enough to lure William Ransome out and possibly to his death, but most of Captain Salvador’s plans were toward William’s father-in-law. A man who would have no interest in someone like Charlotte. But Salvador has no other option at this point but to sail away to avoid what is likely to be a bloody battle until he figures out how to put his original plan back into motion—and kidnap the right woman.
to come-the patented Magic LungR blower system also provides the quietest
And there you have it. Ten blogs I love that I'm passing the Zombie Rabbit fun onto. Love him, give him a home, maybe don't feed him after midnight.
(17) Matthew 10:19-20
That title, of course, normally goes to Kevin Davies but the decline of the barrel-chested Bolton battler has been stark this season: having been the busiest fouler in seven of the past eight Premier League campaigns, fewer appearances this term meant that Davies trundled in at a career-low sixth in the rankings, his 58 offences looking puny in comparison to the 88 of joint-winners Grant Holt and Marouane Fellaini.
1/2 cup peanut butter or sunflower butter
Paper Lace for the Letters to Santa cut-outs
Carrots cut into small pieces (about 2-3)
Used a quilted liner I bought at Hobby Lobby, some bias tape (ugh), some jumbo Ric Rac and finished it off with a little orange crochet flower. Love how it turned out.
Mouse laughed and said “Even I was a tiger before marriage”
I. Stop the bleeding of cash as IBM is running out of money.
3. Volunteer
Add little by little water to make a soft dough.
Well, that's all! If you have any questions feel free to ask me!
This week: rock as it was meant to be rolled.
While government policies supporting private enterprise have been a significant factor in the economic prosperity of Western nations, the notion that support for democratic institutions and social justice are also important foundations is widely shared. Most of my libertarian opponents subscribe to the economic theories of Milton Friedman and argue that unfettered free markets are the only way to achieve a just society. When pressed, most will concede such an economic system is not compatible with representative democracy. Exactly how one could judge whether a society was just, when its members lack the power to chose its leaders, remains a sticky question.
Fresh sumptuous seafood featured prominently in the first few courses, as you might expect, with prawns and salmon bookending one of the most delightful oyster dishes you could imagine. Simple fresh oysters were paired with tempura battered oysters nestled back in their shells on a bed of sweet pumpkin puree. This, when combined with a crisp clean James Boag’s XXX Ale created a rare taste sensation.
“Love me,” he screams.
Late in the afternoon, I heard back from my Oncologist. My CT scan has been moved forward to next Wednesday and a bone scan has been booked for Monday May 3rd. I then have an appointment with the Oncologist to review the results on May 11th.
Forcibly grounded.
Choose the wrong programme and you wreck your body and physique forever and make it nearly impossible to reprogramme your body so that its metabolic rate does not always stay on starvation alert caused by your ill-considered move to go on a severe diet.
It's one of those rare weekends when we have loads to do but no agenda. This is called EXCITING in the suburbs, people. Making my weekend wishlist. I will probably get ONE thing done and that would be fantastic.
When your story or poem is finished email it to SoftWhispersSubmissions@gmail.com with PIC 1 K in the subject. Make sure you include a bio! And please, no formatting or crazy fonts. I'm a boring guy - I prefer 12pt Times New Roman.
On Saturday, the U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, on her visit to Saudi Arabia, attended the first Strategic Cooperation Forum between the U.S. and the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC). The six countries comprising the GCC are Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain and Oman.
Individual provincial results showed that KwaZulu-Natal had the most departments receiving financially unqualified audits with 23, followed by Gauteng with 14 and Eastern Cape 11.
The matter required further action from government, according to Lord McNally, justice minister.
With diametric electrical devices produced informal, the difficulty of connecting things is proper writer and solon whole. The system thatprises theputers and different electronic devices makes use of varieties of conjunctive wires, cables and the likes. These partsmunicate concavity frivolous beams, lasers, wireless signals and oftenness. Nevertheless, the job with this devices and technologies is often the relation between apiece portion. Thus, most systems are not victimized to their chockful extent due toplexities.
I know,
The communication skills and ethics station aims to assess the candidate’s ability to guide and organise the interview with the subject (who may be a patient, relative, or surrogate, such as a health care worker), explain clinical information, apply clinical knowledge, including knowledge of ethics, to the management of the case or situation, provide emotional support and treat the patient with dignity and respect.
Shazza arrived next with a card, here, made by very cleverly using offcuts from the back of a card. The loveliest coastal scenes, layered onto backing which had been coloured using a matching Pro Marker to pick up the red gingham ribbon (neat trick). Some really pretty green checked paper snippets and a sentiment by Craftwork Cards. Brilliant job Shazza!
I told you I have been making some software lately and now I finished one and I am sharing it!
Yet here I was sitting for 90 minutes entranced by this silent film. Listening to the pretty perfunctory orchestral music and watching the kind of acting that Robert De Niro wouldn’t be involved in. And then just when you think they’re going to turn on the talking you realise that you’re in for the long haul, the music plays on, the facial expressions and sweeping hand gestures continue and you wonder what you signed up for. I turned to my left at this point and my mate was napping.
20. i cheated on 18 and 19 because i got stumped and couldn't think of anything to write so i randomly pulled up really really old blog posts...and snipped from them.
I remember myself as a teen. If I were hustled into a couseling office, a clipboard taken out and I were peppered with questions about my lack of faith...
“When you actually look at Detroit’s history, you see the blueprint for the demise of America,” says Paul Kersey.
He doesn't want to patch something that's broken,
I just thought I would share a couple of my favorite cocktails that we enjoy!
The best thing about doing this with a class is the children’s joyous reaction when their unsuspecting teacher gets cast as the emperor,
I promised Alex I would rally so his dollars wouldn't go to waste. The plan was for Al to take the kids out for lunch, drop them at the babysitter's, come home, shower, and we'd get downtown to make the 2:00 showtime.
I believe the best advice I ever got from my own mother .. that I am relying on to get me through some of the smaller challenges of the day to day and of raising a child .. never came through actual words.
But this life comes from Jesus and never from religion. This life cannot be found in Christianity, churchianity or in any buzz-word like community, simple church or organic church. Life will attach itself to those who join themselves to Jesus. He is life itself.
-can pander to the religious right without being beholden to them,
Maybe it didn’t click because it was fiction and many of the plot lines that take place before and after the races didn’t feel plausible.
LCD, Plasma and LED Screens – What’s the Difference?
My family didn’t have the money that the other families at that school had, so my clothes were never as nice as the other kids clothes, which I’ve already told you about. I didn’t get to go on ski outings and stuff like that that the other kids did. Or go to the movies, unless friends took me.
The exact opposite has happened. According to research from the National Association of REALTORS®’ latest Profile of Home Buyers and Sellers, FSBOs accounted for 10 percent of sales in 2011, down from 14 percent in 2003 and 2004.
Me: I could live comfortably for the rest of my life with $40 million.
VALF Literacy Technology Petting Zoo
Best Weight Loss Tips – Skip The Most Important Meal of the Day
If you’ve ever had a bad experience with a neighbor, you know just how much those invisible people really know about you. Maybe they peer through the curtains every time you leave the house, or have a secret spy chain… who knows how they gather their ill-gotten knowledge? Fortunately, nosy neighbors aren’t all bad news – for the marketer anyway.
--Mark Caskie
On one occasion as the date approached, I prayed in my boyish way that it wouldn’t rain. I would have viewed a rained-out picnic a tragedy.
When we were finished at the school, I surprised Amanda with her first birthday present.
If you don’t have a bank account then how are you depositing or cashing checks? Are you going to check cashing centers and giving them a portion of YOUR money to gain access to YOUR money? That doesn’t sound like the wisest of choices when you have a choice. Show me one millionaire or billionaire who doesn’t have a bank account. Show me one entrepreneur without a bank account. Show me. I’m sure you can’t.
After the jury’s verdict, prosecutor Dave Chapman, standing under an umbrella in pouring rain, said, “There are no winners in this case. There’s nothing but loss everywhere.” The permanent loss of a young woman beloved by her family, friends, and teammates. The loss of liberty outside prison in the murderer’s 26-year sentence.
I even ate Brigadeiro.
Check out the building that Bliss Ranch purchased. Formerly it was a Barber Shop and with the sale of the building came and awesome sign, an antique cash register, barber tools and the barber chair.
hush now don't you cry,
Here, we see Hyakinthos and Narcissus again, but Adonis is also mentioned–the latter being a lover of Dionysos, as mentioned elsewhere in Athenaeus as covered by Sannion in his excellent article on this matter, and also detailed elsewhere in this syncretism series.
congratulations, Milla.please contact us at DCM_enquiries@hotmail.co.uk with your postal details and we'll arrange for your prize to be sent to you.
I went home for my high school reunion (next blog) and we celebrated Claire and Charlotte's birthdays. Claire turned 3 on August 15th and Charlie turned 1 on August 31st! Happy birthday beautiful nieces :)
"He was a hero to some, a villain to others, and wherever he rode people spoke his name in whispers." - John Albano
Maybe that’s where I went wrong.
May the grace of Christ be with you,
Still we will attack
or create a project based on what makes you flourish as a person.
The rules…
Celgene Corporation Announces Appointment of Thomas M. Moriarty as General Counsel
Professional book reviewer? Is that even a real job? Can you get paid for reading books and writing your opinion of them these days? If so, I would instinctively feel that I was somehow unqualified for it, but if I am indulging in a “Dream job” list, sure, why not?
I think we all agreed the food was good. But looking back over these photos, it’s no surprise that I ended up so um..inebriated by the end of the night. The portions are tiny! And sadly, the price tags weren’t.
That’s the entirety of the Browns’ draft. A lot of places give the Browns a “B” grade; I’m okay with that, sort of. They “filled” most of our needs, in that they got warm bodies who wear the right uniform number. Hughes still baffles me, and I like the idea of an uber-fast wideout, but we really needed somebody with more overall ability. Schwartz is an example of drafting for need over best player available; I like the idea and the player, just not where we took him. A couple of character guys here too. Overall, the Browns got three Day-1 starters (assuming Weeden gets the job on day one), good depth at defensive tackle and linebacker, and a freakin’ huge guard. The only skill player I’m unreservedly excited about is Trent Richardson. The only player I’m unreservedly angry about is Hughes. (Fun fact: he was second to last among all DTs who were graded! And we took him in the third round!)
value downloadable diet program on-line. Anne Collins is offering nine various diet plans, the South Beach Diet teaches you the "good"
Suzy West WOW
MA: What's Rebekah Brooks like? I was reading a bio of Elizabeth I recently - flame-haired, dissembling, paranoid, rarely ate. While others feasted on 10 course meals, Elizabeth would sit there picking away and imagining ills after a workaholic day of the screaming abdabs. Beating up poor Cecil. Does Rebekah call you late at night from Chipping Norton and tell you to behave yourself?
I wonder about greed. I had a personal discussion with another professional athlete on the topic who was very defensive of Albert. “He’s the best ever, he deserves it” was his position. I disagree. I do agree that he HAS been among the best but he does not, nor does ANYONE deserve over 200 million dollars to play ball. My assessment, for what it is worth is: Albert is greedy.
Tickets for System of a Down are $55 (plus applicable service charges) and go on sale May 4 at 10:00 a.m. A ticket lottery will take place at the Verizon Center box office only at 8:00 a.m. Fans must be in line by 8:00 a.m. to participate in the lottery which offers everyone an equal chance at buying the best seats available during the public on sale. This is a general admission floor show – meaning no seats will be on the floor. Tickets will be available through all Ticketmaster outlets including the Verizon Center box office, online at www.ticketmaster.com and via Phonecharge at 1-800-745-3000. Accessible seating is available for patrons with disabilities by calling 202-661-5065. For more information please visit www.verizoncenter.com.
Bibliography, below. See, also, Item C-1998(12), above, pp. 857-66.
It always seems a sin to actually eat something so beautiful. But mmmm, lightly steamed, with a cheese sauce? Oh yes. Nice in salads too. If I didn't eat it, then it would just be wasted.
Actually Judy is already a good baker so between copying her movements and listening to the instructor I baked my bread and forgot to take notes. We had to do own washing during the lesson which probably helped keep costs reasonable. There were 2 types of ovens in the studio : one set at 45°C and used mainly for proofing bread dough and the Toshiba ones for baking and even steaming.
It's just difficult to appreciate players when they're playing.
Now's the time to reorder your favorite adhesives and some new fancy pants paper before we hit the school year so that you can start working on projects when the kids head back to school!
Now, from this moment on, our claimant will no longer be earning a paycheck. His income, hopefully, will be coming from an insurance company. Never before has he found the need to file an insurance claim, which can be an intimidating experience within itself. Then, what about the disability itself? Workouts at his health club, racquetball and golf have all been pleasurable afterhours activities. Will he ever be able to return to those activities again? Doubt and apprehension are now present. Fear, a newfound anxiety and possibly depression will soon be present.
The personality trait most useful in my life is… Communication. Although that depends on who you are. Not everyone likes the fact I like to communicate with them, as often as I do.
Cain says that one-third to one-half of our population is introverted: “They feel at their most alive and their most switched-on and their most capable when they’re in quieter, more low-key environments…a lot of the time.” When introverts are forced out of their quiet, contemplative, and, often, creative ways, it’s our community’s loss. Schools, workplaces, and our whole idea of leadership are biased towards extroverts:
“No, well, actually, if you read the plaque, it said it wasn’t a real well. It said…” the boy broke off in mid-sentence, sensing the metaphorical sharks circling. It was the sound of his popularity in serious jeopardy. “I mean, I didn’t really read it, but the name of it just…. nevermind.”
Kids and pets are a huge responsibility. This is a great book for first time readers who love dogs. This great book can open up conversation with kids and parents in regards to caring for pets and also sharing pets. Lively illustrations bring this story to life. Simple sentences will have
‘I brought you into this world, and I can take you out.’
This virus is extremely damaging and can really cause a lot of major trouble in a person’s computer, making it absolutely essential for people to ensure that they prevent their computers from getting infected with such a virus. You can easily install a good antivirus program in order to prevent such an infestation at all times within your computer once and for all.
or else you will die a martyr and be blessed
5. How will a Mrs. Bissessar led UNC government deal with the economy due to the continued low prices for gas? What measure do you have for improving the utilization oil and gas revenues? Do you have any strategies for diversifying the economy?
turned over to the scholars.
It’s true that communities can help brands become commercial powerhouses and money-making machines. But it takes investments of time and money. It must be a steady, strategic, nose-to-the-grindstone approach that rarely happens overnight.
The same goes for publishing: the changes that have been rocking the industry for years are constantly producing opportunities. Borders went out of business; some independent stores are seeing growth as a result. The industry is transitioning over to a digital format for a substantial subset of its titles; some authors have found new audiences in the e-book format. And so on and so forth.
Whenever they say ‘Czechoslovakia’, I would comment, “But they are two countries already!”
You must have loved me to look at me that way?
“Would you love me, my dear, just a trifle?”
my state of mind. How can
I'm down to an X-Large, by the way.
...But the regular appearance of big donors inside the White House underscores how political contributions continue to lubricate many of the interactions between officials and their guests, if for no other reason than that donors view the money as useful for getting a foot in the door....
It’s been talked about for years, but it bears repeating: Agencies need to commit to hiring a diverse workforce at all levels. If they don’t, they risk creating work that doesn’t appeal to the changing demography of the nation. Speaking openly, Ogilvy North American Chairman-CEO John Seifert said the agency received its latest cultural survey last week, and called it “depressing” because “we hadn’t achieved what we set out to do.”
Toepfer's academic philanthropy paid handsome dividends over the years. Both British and German scholars have been reluctant to admit the full force of Toepfer's National Socialist past. Yet it was precisely during the Nazi regime that Toepfer began funding academic awards to European foreign students with much help coming from the infamous Joachim von Ribbentrop (1893-1946), Hitler's foreign minister.
Aside from known political adversaries like President Aquino and Congresswoman Arroyo, and Executive Secretary Jojo Ochoa and Mr. & Mrs. Mar Roxas, the ruby anniversary of Sen. Miriam and husband Jun also brought together business rivals; executives from competing broadcast networks, and publishers/owners of leading broadsheets. The event thus made Senator Santiago the frontrunner for next year’s Nobel Peace Prize.
as we post our condemnation to various presidents,
This baby is a GIRL. Yep. Can you believe it? No MS or anything with this one. She is a girl. I could not believe it.
Montero is expected to become a middle-of-the-order power hitter – exactly what the Mariners need. These types of players don’t come around very often, and the Mariners took the opportunity to grab one with six years of team control before free agency. To do this, they had to move a premium player – and that was Pineda.
Mario Bois/Writer & Cante Aficionado
Watch out! Whole swaths of aboveground straight society have just been hepped to our doings via Boing Boing's omnidirectional reach, as the kind folks at that site unexpectedly profiled Mutant Sounds a short time ago. You can read that here
All in a day’s work, my friends.
Saw this recipe in a Rachael Ray magazine last week, and have made it twice with slight variations. It is packed full of flavor, easy to make and beneficial during this "cold/sniffles" season. Enjoy!
2. * The Christian Theological Tradition with general editors Catherine A. Cory & David T. Landry, Simon & Schuster Custom Publishing, 1996, 435 pages
Shortly thereafter, Grimes started touring with Lykke Li and Grimes was now on my radar. However, searching for her music (physically) proved challenging. Even though I still purchase music (YES, I REALLY DO BUY ALL MY OWN MUSIC) I refused to order online and waited to purchase her music at a record store. Luckily, Amy made me a mix CD to hold me over until I was able to find Grimes. As luck would have it, by the time I actually found her debut CD Geidi Primes I managed to purchase her entire catalog including Halfaxa and the recently released Visions, which is why I’m writing this review.
This creature has a purple womb, complete with three tiny, fleece, baby Worrys, hand stitched into it. But this isn't just a womb, it doubles up as a pouch where a fully stuffed little Worry is nestled safely inside. Two long arms curl round in a protective, motherly way and are fastened on with purple button joints, meaning they can move back and forth.
In low-level WoW, progress is given by experience points. This singlehandedly solves the need for tangible rewards from a play session, no matter what activities you take part in. The problems with the low-level game will be discussed below. Once you reach the level cap, however, that all-encompassing incentive vanishes, and the designers are challenged with providing the player an incentive and reward structure to participate in various activities. The first major point is that gear is the only mode of actual improvement of your character. We’re going to put side cosmetic rewards and achievements for now, because they’re a side activity that each player values according to her own idiosyncrasies, but they don’t tie into the underlying RPG engine described above.
American craft brewing was getting bigger and better, and in one of the inspiring turnabouts in world cultural history, American brewers began inspiring the Old World to rethink and embellish its traditional brewing ideas, resulting in a new generation of incredible imports to hit American shelves.
I honestly thought I could push this to the side for a little while and no one in the overcrowded blogosphere would even notice, so as much as I loathe writing about myself, enough of you have written and posted about the sudden dearth of updates lately that I felt a brief word about it would be.. what's the word? "Nice"?
Alright- off to work on the spelling stuff! Have a good Thursday!
When it comes to bailouts, the real discussions are not centered in Washington but rather in Beijing, Tokyo, and Riyadh. With no money of our own, our ability to bailout our own citizens is completely dependent on the world's willingness to foot the bill. While I am sure that Bush and Paulson are doing their best to convince the world that open ended financing of the United States is in the global interest, my guess is that, unlike Congress, our foreign creditors will see through the self-serving nature of our plea.
"No! When is it going to be? .... You know, we did hear about this new wine tasting venue up there, it's supposed to be really neat."
Proof positive: they wink at me.
There is prima facie evidence presented here to suggest that what is at stake in the seemingly never-ending EU-contagion-global-collapse scenario is not real damage to citizens, social structures or even sovereign success as a trading concern. Rather, the game is one of globalophiles and banking firms terrifying the crap out of everyone such that a precedent is not set: ‘there must be no forgiveness, no welching, and no deviation – otherwise they will see that chicken-licken was wrong’.
*Hubby that takes boys to Father & Son's campout even when he feels crummy
Produced by Milton Miranda
Knitter or Crocheter
I have a great career. I am fortunate to find success in traditional publishing, and I know it. But this last year has taught me that if this is as good as it gets . . . I am incredibly glad for what it is RIGHT NOW.
It’s time to have a somewhat uncomfortable talk. No, not that one. My oldest is only 5, I’m not going to get into all that yet. This is another difficult discussion, that usually starts like this…
Dear Ma,
In early A.A., the Bible was the primary and essential source of the basic recovery program ideas. AAs read and were told to read it daily. Circulated literature centered on the Bible. Bible study was stressed, and the Bible was read at the beginning of each meeting. When asked about a program question, Dr. Bob would usually say: “What does it say in the Good Book?” He also frequently quoted relevant verses to AAs and their families as A.A.’s DR BOB does report. Until very recently when I was in Akron on research, Dr. Bob’s Bible (with inscriptions by him, Bill Wilson, and Bill Dotson—AA Number Three) was still brought to the front of the A.A. Number One (King School Group) meeting room and there remained until the meeting was over. Each early AA meeting had a topic, and the topic was usually based on some Bible idea, segment, or application (See Dick B., The Good Book and The Big Book; The Akron Genesis of Alcoholics Anonymous; Why Early A.A. Succeeded; When Early AAs Were Cured and Why).
Couponing has become a burden also. Because I can't stop doing it. It's a pain, it's time-consuming, and I absolutely cannot bear to pay full price for anything.
This one verse offers God the opportunity to "dig out" the deep roots of our thoughts, sets us on a pathway of healing from the past, and reminds us to look to Him for our future. And if you're like me--struggling with those pesky memories or wishes that never seem to give you peace--try praying this prayer yourself. God is faithful. He can lead and guide you in all areas--even your thought life.
September is a weird place. We’re having now a taste of a summer that has never happened this year and it feels like something that you really should have done in your youth and you’re doing in your middle age as a sort of compensation. In the garden, the tomatoes are still green, the one-and-only green pepper that I had now lies on the ground, nibbled by squirrels, and the grass is covered with red and yellow maple leaves.
“How’s your son who plays the violin?!?!”
I need that remedy, which does not taste like medicine.
Weddings are supposed to be all about the fun little details, right? Well, no, weddings are *supposed* to be about the commitment of two people to one another. It sure seems like that "little" fact gets lost in the To Do Lists and the party planning and the sorting out of a hundred little decisions every time I turn around, though. For the most part, planning a wedding is fun, I guess. Until it's not. Until the first time in this whole process that I completely psych myself out.
:: note how emme grace and rayley beth added what they thought each one needed...i mean who would make ernie without his ducky and bert without his pigeon? and like elmo goes anywhere without dorothy? oh how i smiled when i walked in and saw this....my oh-so-funny and very detail-oriented big girls;)
Sometimes when we work on particular places or issues we have to dive in deeply and become well versed on things that we seldom associate with historic preservation. My first project at the Trust 25 years ago required me to learn about funerary art, burial practices and cemetery management. Those weren’t exactly subjects I studied in school. I have referred to myself as an “accidental expert” in many things over the years. Add Cruise Ship Tourism to the list.
I’m almost off school for the summer. Notice how I said almost. That means that I have a bunch of very important assignments due. And when I have important stuff to do, I procrastinate. In order to assist my procrastination, and celebrate being almost off school, my mom and I went out for lunch.
Now she shows true colours :-
If ever you need a word of encouragement in return - well, I'm yer girl :)
She has been called a pornographer by her harshest critics, but I think Catherine Breillat is a fearless provocateur, who depicts true intimacy and sensuality in her lush, often explicit films. I’ve never felt that her films were pornographic–they are always beautiful, poetic and intimate portraits of love and sex.
we were both exhausted and trembling with fatigue.
I write about reality, all kinds of reality, reality as it seems to me. My lovely Mum battled Alzheimer’s for six years and my wife Robina and I looked after her to the end – she died in June 2010. As her memory faded I decided to write a poem telling the story of her life, to help her remember who she was, from a council-house upbringing in Gravesend to Bletchley Park during the war to singing Elgar at the Royal Festival Hall to going on tour with her punk poet son in Australia and Canada.
Special Note: This is the last picture of me with these glasses.
I guess I did OK: he actually liked two of the four I got. One was rejected because it had the wrong kind of pleat in the back. Who knew? He wouldn't even try on the peach shirt: he didn't like how the placket was sewn, he didn't like the logo (small and I could have removed it), and he doesn't like the brand. What did Izod ever do to him?
It was a perfect place for the "Saving Muddy Hillgrass" party.
Hail to He Whose Terror Shakes Land and Sea–Rejoice! You are praised!
He saw a shepherd pass by him as the GPS on his mobile phone indicated he was in Lerna. He hailed the shepherd and spoke up, “Sir, can you tell me where I can find the high draw”
It is impossible not to admit that there is much morality in this people. (This at first glance seems hard to reconcile with what precedes) but I explain. Morals there are extremely pure. A woman who does not conduct herself well is cited as an extreme rarity. To tell the truth, you meet only happy households. People get together often in winter; but everything in the last analysis comes down to family life. Unmarried men pay attention only to girls; these once married think only of their husbands. So long as they are not engaged, they exercise an extreme freedom in their relations. One sees them out walking alone, for example. A young man accosts them, goes to the country with them, and this is considered quite natural. They receive at home without their parents finding fault. But this life of freedom ends for them the day they get married. In short, the happiness which seems to reign in their families has something tempting in it. Doubtless I should never want to marry in a foreign country, because such a union entails a host of unpleasant consequences. But Tocqueville and I, glimpsing the happiness so common here and so rare in other countries, were unable to keep from saying that, if we should ever be victimized by political circumstances in France, we would come to live here with our wives and children.
There was a real Valentine. According to a book I have, St. Valentine was a priest in Rome, and a physician (like St. Luke). He was beheaded in Rome on February 14, about the year 269, and was buried on the Flaminian Way (one of the main roads leading out of Rome) where a basilica was put up in his honor in the year 350, about the time Christianity became legal in the Roman Empire.
2010.09.15 Afghanistan Kandahar 2 0 Two children are murdered by Taliban bombers.
Cammie(:
I can't help it, the road just rolls out behind me
of his father
When asking people to participate, fast is best – don’t give them time to worry about how they look or what their friends will think. Use a short, sharp standard question such as “Would you mind answering a couple of quick questions about genetically modified food for TV3 news tonight?”. (Note: Everyone will want to know what channel you’re with and when the programme will be broadcast, so it helps to get that out of the way quickly.)
Tribeca.
One presentation was all about trees in our area and my children and other children acted out parts of a tree. Very interesting and fun! :)
I’ve resisted for six weeks or so, listened somewhat reluctantly to my son talk of his adventures in Skyrim, his discoveries of new locations, missions, and on occasions, glitches. Entering his room to ask if he has completed his homework, I stop and stare at his adventures, like an alcoholic passing a pub on his way to an AA meeting, taking a glimpse at the revelry inside.
Lol. I have no idea! I’m always on the verge of sharing way too much about myself. Oh! I don’t think I’ve told you how many times I saw Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix in the theaters. (15) Funny thing, that’s my least favorite book of the series. But I worked at the theater at
completion or until such time as the building is sold. The applicant further agrees to submit a picture
Because Acculaw does not provide legal services itself, and has no reputation to protect, it does not have to worry about the PR implications of paying its trainees roughly half the salary of their peers at top firms. Nor does it lose any kudos by making no contribution at all towards its recruits’ law school fees. And, unlike law firms, Acculaw is under no pressure to provide a secure path into a permanent position once recruits have completed their training contracts
… and the newest privileged gay shill for the ‘Oh, we told you that if you played nice and let us get our ENDA we’d come back and add you to it but now we’re just going to forget about ENDA and concentrate on other gay-only stuff, HA! HA!’ agenda to be allowed to poison the equality well via the Washington Blade:
Whichever zodiac sign is rising in the east becomes the “first house.” The next sign is the second house, and so forth. So, if you have Aries rising, then Aries is the first house. The next sign, Taurus is the second house. Gemini is the third house, etc. If Cancer, instead, is rising then Cancer is the first house, Leo the second, Virgo the third, and so on. This is how the “whole-sign house” system works. If you use this simple system with the accurate sidereal zodiac, it works.
Ultraman was created in 1966 by Eiji Tsuburaya, the special effects director of the classic Godzilla films of the 1950’s and 60’s. Ultraman became an unprecedented hit on Japanese television spawning fourteen sequel TV series and a string of hit theatrical features over the course of its four decade history. Ultraman has been seen all over the world and remains one of the top selling hero characters throughout Asia.
Masha and the sequel, The Youngest Lady in Waiting are inexplicably out of print - and copies are now highly sought by collectors. The hardback that my parents bought for me on my tenth birthday (after I'd borrowed Masha from the library week after week) must be worth about £300 by now. But I’d never sell it. My favourite school story is actually my favourite book of all.
The Japanese self-defense forces and bureaucracy are also planning a major purge of cabalist puppets in the Japanese Parliament, banks, corporations and media.
I developed this meal plan with our garden in mind. Right now, we're loving the fresh tomatoes, green beans, zucchini, cucumbers, lettuce, peppers, and radishes. Everyday there's something new that's ripe for the picking. It's been fun to try out new recipes with all of this "free" produce.
It’s a red that is glam but isn’t garish, it’s a lot more wearable and less drying than some other high-end brands I’ve tried. The contrast between my fair skin and light eyes, really made this a winner.
I would love if you would stop by and vote for my blog on goodreads!!
You can count on these highly valuable and deeply connecting conversations to be informative, controversial, empowering, world-expanding, perspective-shifting, and most of all, Completely Celebratory of this glorious path of radical unschooling.
So, I would say there’s a much better way. And that is allow the people to make their decisions and not get the government involved. You know, it has only been…
The Wall Street Journal editorial of January 4, 1995 stated: “It was Mr. Gorbachev, recall, who in January 1990 chose to defend his use of violence against the independence-seeking Azerbaijan on the grounds that the people of this then-Soviet republic were heavily armed gangs of hooligans and drug-traffickers who were destabilizing the country and quite possibly receiving support from foreign governments.”
Step 1: Material
the Pierce Arrow
MT: You have over 20,000 likes on your Facebook page and over 12,000 followers on Twitter; do you find social media is a good way to connect with your fans?
This new ornament that my sister-in-law Susie gave me…
Oh, and now I have 27 followers so that list will come shortly.
According to Deleuze, the longest standing institution or figure in disrupting this plane is the priest, who places limitation through negative law, extrinsic rule, and the transcendent ideal. In other words and through the scope of sexuality, we are given a set absolute rules that are placed onto us but come from an outside force outside of our perception and control, and then we are given a set of goals in which we are encouraged to reach (Deleuze and Guattari, p.154). To Deleuze, a similar, more modern structure is born through psychoanalysis. A psychoanalyst see’s a deviant behavior, deviant because it doesn’t fall into the dogmatic norms of society’s, the behavior is attributed to a force or desire outside of oneself, perhaps in the subconscious, and is acted out through a transcendent ideal or phantasy (Deleuze and Guattari, p.154-155).
Christians are very often persecuted not for their Christianity, but for lack of it.
So, finally I wanted to talk about Young Women's Camp... it was at Eagles Nest and it was HOT! I had a good time but, I'm glad it's over. I was the leader of the 2nd Years and it was interesting to say the least... The theme was "REACH HIGH!" I believe our camp director did a great job integrating that into all the activities. The only thing I would have changed was the food- there was never enough for everyone- The best part of YW Camp was the Rock Wall on the last day-- That was the first time I ever did something like that... I have to admit, I think I'm a adrenaline junkie now ;) So, here are 2 pictures, one from Camp and the other is the new bedroom furniture!
This isn't entirely fair, but I'm going to write about If.... even though I still don't quite know what to think about it. I've been waiting to see If.... for at least 10 years now, maybe longer. It started with my teenage love of Malcolm McDowell, incepted with A Clockwork Orange, and then when I was about . . . fifteen? I caught a section of O Lucky Man! on cable. I didn't know what the fuck I was seeing, and it was basically impossible for me to find Man again, or to find If.... at all. Damn small-town video stores and the nascent interwebs.
‘In their own guidance the EA recommends that permit holders carry out an internal audit every year.’
The general consensus is that whoever supplies the pork for the locally made bacon feeds their beasts on fish meal.
On March 31, 2012 Dr. Leon retired after 25 years of dedicated service to the U. S. Fish and Wildlife. As Chief of Fisheries and Aquatic Conservation one of Dr. Leon’s duties also included matters of budget for our National Fish Hatchery System.
through a stained glass view
Dear Mr. Mixed Signals,
Brights DSP stack
Canine noir is so a genre – Dog On It is the first of a series of detective novels told from a dog’s point of view. I’m totally serious – Chet is our narrator, and while he may be unreliable (he’s a dog), he’s pretty observant and hugely entertaining. And reasonable forgetful. This book caught my eye thanks to a blurb from Stephen King, and just in time, as the fourth book in the series is out in October.
and more often than not, i have multiples of certain characters. i started getting one ornament a year when i was younger, and as i’ve gotten older, i’ve gotten a couple or i’ll go to hallmark after the holidays and buy the ones i want when they’re on sale (if they’re left).
These St George flags were all on display in one road in Billesley.
"It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas
It is almost a cinch you won’t
His earlier life, however, proved to be far more difficult to corroborate. Although the events described in the reports of his military service did take place, details of his actual connection to them have been particularly elusive. Much has been made of his royal patronage, but I have not been able to unearth a single piece of contemporary evidence that Foster was ever a miniature painter to the Royal Family. Besides the single purported self portrait used to illustrate a 1907 article which I reproduced in Part 4, I have yet to find unequivocal evidence of a single miniature portrait, as opposed to a profile, painted by him.
Onwards to meringue disks and chocolate something or others this week.
Posey’s grounder would have given the Giants the lead if Brooks Conrad was the Marlins second baseman.
There’s nothing like having change forced upon me to make me see all the reasons not to change, so reading that explanation gave a bit of relief: if, in fact, my (Somebody) Hamlet dream came as any sort of geographic guidance in answer to my turmoil (I’m not convinced that’s what it’s about), it might be saying it’s okay to stay close to home for now and not pick up and move to some far-flung place under duress.
What did this instructor mean? She meant that pursuing acting- which includes reading works of drama and the historical context that they are set in, watching and critiquing films, learning communication and analytical skills, learning to speak publicly, and emote and convey feelings, is NOT education?
Engineering Co-Ordinator (Race Team)
I cried for them both.
You can double this easily and make some tasty leftovers. I had some leftovers for lunch the next day and they were great.
"Did you see someone run through your yard a minute ago?"
"You're going to be a grandmother"............
The doggy bone that merchants and planters were able to throw to the lower classes to nibble on has been able to hold for the last 236 years. The classes, however, have changed.
Elon has done a good (if not great job) of setting big goals and meeting those goals by raising a ton of money and having a coherent master plan. The speed in which all of this has been done is truly remarkable. How was it done so quickly? In the linked article, Lambert says:
Slice into squares to serve.
In contrast to Windows 7, where, Microsoft reserved 20 pixels for edge swipes, Windows 8 allows developers to use all the available pixels. And also the Windows 8 apps can utilize all pixels that are available with the full screen mode. Microsoft is further trying to make the touch screens even better to detect the edge swipes all the time.
‘How’s young Johnny?’ she asks her.
Before you can make a career choice you have to learn about yourself. Your values, interests, and skills, in combination with certain personality traits, will make some careers especially suitable for you and some particularly inappropriate.
It’s an interesting premise and probably true. But it begs the question, why is it so comforting to be reminded of what it was like when you were in-utero? Most people spend a very tiny fraction of their life in that state (there’s a sad story behind anyone whose fraction of time spent in-utero is not small) and yet common knowledge says that that feeling is something that makes everyone happy and content. I’m reminded of a song by Ane Brun:
Structures #10
Includes paternity testing for confirming the paternity of a child for both peace of mind and legal purposes, to assisting siblings, grandparents and DNA immigration testing to provide evidence of individuals being biologically related.
When it was cut.
I’m stopping me. Like most people (or so I imagine), I am deep-down a gaudy, bright basket filled with insecurity, apathy, indifference, and self-absorption. It also doesn’t help that my degree of sanity when I wake up is approximately Charlie Sheen level. My hope for waking up early was contingent on a meteor impact propeling me out of my room, or my roommate injecting some sort of adrenal stimulus into my heart.
We will be staying at ENCORE! Pretty swanky from what I hear. It couldn't work out more perfect because some of our favorite DJs will be "making beats" at the top clubs; which are in our hotel!
There is nothing essentially revealing in this story about the Chinese government’s crackdown on dissidents and censorship of the Internet. The history of such recent abuses dates back to Tiananmen Square.
How do we gain control? Through some hard, thoughtful work and patience.
This novel is a story largely about identity, and about how far understanding one’s own identity helps one to belong (and vice versa). That is to say, it’s about people in search of a narrative. But it’s also a historical study of another narrative, one of social change, about the reasons why Iris is so much more comfortable in her own skin, and so much more confident, than Marcel ever was. Ambitious, sensitive and graceful, Stray Love is a book that stays quietly with you long after the book is closed.
Made during the height of the screwball comedy era, this is the movie where Cary Grant perfected his screen persona of the debonair and charming rake. George and Marion Kerby, a pair of gadabouts, played by Grant and Constance Bennett, live the good life during the Depression but its cut short when they die in a car accident in their beloved speedster. The car is ultimately purchased by Cosmo Topper, played by Roland Young, who also has an accident but survives; however, the result is that he can see the Kerbys and they take it as their life’s ambition….um, make that afterlife’s ambition…to turn around the stuffy Topper’s prim and proper life and teach him the meaning of fun. The point was that life was too short not to live it to the fullest, a point that may have been lost on Depression-era audiences who were struggling just to keep their families fed. Still, Topper is and remains an iconic movie of the era, one that would inspire not only several sequels of its own (although none with Grant, who had become too big a star by that time) but also a TV series in the 50s, a TV movie and now, a remake starring Steve Martin that is reportedly going to begin filming soon.
Bonus Thing! My friend just lent me her brand new season one Blu-Ray of Game of Thrones, and I'm about to have a GoT marathon. WINTER IS COMING, SUCKAS.
“No,” I said definitively.
“Perhaps thirty. They have spears and bows, daggers and swords,” answered his cousin. “Yellow Clay Village is the smallest of the six villages. We produce grains and chickens in good years. The bandits threaten all our lives, and none of the men in the village are heroes. We need what help we can get, but we can not afford to offer much in return, I’m afraid,” concluded Hornmel stoically.
wire
Today you are in for a "real" treat. I've asked Lauren from Where The Style Things Are, to give us all some insider dish. Lauren is not only a fashion and style blogger, but she's also a New York City freelance fashion editor that has worked for some major mags. (The girl is bonafide.) Here's her spin on the latest and greatest trends in fashion.
In January, there are massive winter sales in Italy.
For today, that's all I got! everything is happening the way that I want it to and not by chance, I decided that beat the path into the ground where my feet will fall.
and do the measly subtraction
I love the fact that scrapping gives one the opportunity to give thought to your feelings and emotions when creating a project, and this one really did. It was very good for my soul!! Maybe do a little something for the soul today??
Once a high man on the totem pole of the Democratic party, the former senator sent his political career down in huge, fiery flames due to his affair with a videographer on his staff named Rielle Hunter.
Jeep Beat Collective – Cosmic Symphony
That is how barley inherits the kingdom of barley.
It’s not a very common special dance so make sure your photographer and videographer are aware that it is taking place and when so they capture it on film.
30 min Protein Rest Add 14.63 qt of water at 119.1 F 113.0 F
I'm going to have the ol' homebrew flowing for a bachelor party next week. I'll have a Kölsch, an Imperial Stout and a Belgian on tap. The party will be for my buddy Alexander. I'm going to be best man at his wedding in April.
Level 4: MP Cost: 10, Duration: 120 seconds, All Stats: +2%.
in a discussion earlier my qualities as a roommate were brought up and, I’m all too aware of how difficult I am to live with, but none the less it STILL hurt.
Surprisingly, the answer is either 45.3 million or 52.7 million in 2010, depending on which federal agency does the counting. This wide variance underscores the discordant findings from government smoking data.
Manos said the outdoor libraries are an attempt to draw attention to the Detroit Public Library branch closings and give back to the community.
Dusty Attic chicken wire panel DA0177, BG decorative paper clips and CricutCartridge guitar
If it were me in this situation, I might tell Grandma "The kids like to read at the table at restaurants when we are waiting for food." Knowing this, Grandma has the choice whether to join the family at a restaurant.
Happy sewing
HAIL MARY
Christopher wanted to repair/replace my broken means of communication and virtually all things social right away, but I waved my hand in front of his face and said "no no dear, don't rush". A break would be nice? Actually, a break would be reeeeal nice. A guilt free break. And it was. Nice.
... or at least a Lady.
David J (Bauhaus bassist)
MAKE UP FOR EVER, the go-to brand for beauty professionals and makeup enthusiasts around the world, will be creating the looks for both QVC’s FNO and Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week broadcasts, and will offer a two-piece smoky metallic eye kit for viewers to purchase.
A recent white paper released by the National Talent and Population Division under the Prime Minister’s Office revealed that Singapore needs to sustain its population growth via immigration:
All eleven disciples were present and we note their solidarity of purpose: they were all of one mind and they continued with one accord. It is true that they were waiting for the Holy Spirit and the gifts of the Holy Spirit and in the meantime they were worshipping God with prayer and supplication. They wanted to be ready, well equipped and prepared for the empowering that was coming. What else could they do? Nothing draws a body of believers together more than a purposeful prayer meeting.
I've been in the craft beer community for almost two years now, and I have to say that it is a pretty awesome group. While there are different types of beer drinkers, I'm referring to the passionate group of beer evangelists who know and love craft beer (denoted in the blue and purple circles). These people might write blogs, organize local beer events, work in a craft brewery or craft beer organization, or participate heavily in homebrew activities. The shared interest is the promotion of craft beer, and how they interact is extremely friendly.
Until we are finally clothed
So, this is how it will go:
I can get a rundown fibro in an area that would be,
This unwavering acceptance of her metamorphosis is also symbolic of faith. Here the butterfly beckons us to keep our faith as we undergo transitions in our lives. She understands that our toiling, fretting and anger are useless against the turning tides of nature – she asks us to recognize the same.
The last three posts have been about the garden my daughter and I planted.
You're in the mood for a dance
Now, with fewer games to build up the collective temperature, and with the consequences clearer – of the injuries more so than the suspensions – maybe things will settle down. Maybe they will revert to teeth-gritting, eyes-popping normal playoff intensity.
A stroll past those two summer street fair on both 5th and 7th Avenue made up for all the hardship accompanied in living in the Slope. Just walking all the way down to Crown Heights and seeing the differences in worlds was an eye-opener to me. Sometimes you simply know when you fit into a hood and when you don’t. I like to believe I have found my perfect match just here, in the quiet, overpriced Slope!
But ultimately they knew it was only a game. They were completely aware that they weren’t separate at all. They knew they were connected to each other by the golden cord which was also connected to their source; Divinity and Darkness..."
This is a very lovely 18th century French chest, that is not a steal in the $3,000.00 range, but a fair price. While we are training our eye, this dealer had some really unusual French and English chairs.
4. If one puts forth even a modicum of effort, one can drink for free every single day of SXSW, and can see some completely kickass music without dropping a dime. Just a tip. A visit over to Bob Noxious's site, or the Austinist, or Done Waiting, will probably get you started.
5) We never lose sight of our strategic vision.
By now Dean has mercifully answered though I cannot fill him in on what is going down, and he is saying, “What ARE you talking about, Mo? Are you ok? Where ARE you?…”
English Ale Yeast was used to fermet the brew, which was racked to a secondary in three weeks, and then bottled two weeks later.
As the system goes, the only difference is that we now play next week instead of having the weeks rest and forego a home preliminary final. A hand full of cold beers took the edge off the disappointment and life goes on. The Melbourne Storm are still more than capable of whipping any of the remaining finalists and in the AFL my Hawks are still a red hot chance of winning their prelim this week and advancing to the Grand Final on the last Saturday in September.
Well, what I mean they are ready for you to upgrade your “Powered by WordPress” website.
Summers in India are long and hot. So hot that the soil parches up and few fruits or veggies survive. Summer in India is not a fun time. Nor a flavorful time. But there are exceptions to rules. I still recall, with lots of fun, my school years when summer vacation was a time of well-natured 'stealing' for me, my sister and all the kids in the neighborhood.
The guy from the CRE was naturally firmly in favour Harry's punishment, whereas the Spectator columnist was less enthusiastic, and indeed expressed a healthy scepticism for the diversity worship which is now an essential qualification for holding down a position within the mainstream media. As such, I doubt we will see or hear much more from him.
front of card - lying flat
Best Supporting Actress: I said Bérénice Bejo. The real winner: Octavia Spencer
Mr. CFP is a low-key kinda guy.
When I first watched this video, I didn’t realize that it was meant to be one big speech made from the 40 different speeches. I thought it was going to be a countdown video of the 40 greatest inspirational speeches. I realized that it wasn’t about five clips in. Belinkie provides a transcript of the speech in the video description. It makes more sense to read along with the video.
PUTAR: In other words the government is a divided house, papaji?
It is not all bleak news. It sounds like their new products will be more affordable to those of us struggling to afford gluten free foods.
Take one simple glass, and metamorphosis into a faux mercury glass candle.
3. Billie Holiday – There Is No Greater Love (One of my favorite artists of all time, Ms. Holiday was a troubled soul. But, I love this song because it’s about pure love in its simplest form; it’s about feeling a great love for the one you’re with. Nothing more. Nothing less.)
I've loved this song for many, many years. I hope you enjoy my version of it. Only a very short post tonight, as it's almost midnight and we have to be up extra early in the morning to start on the way to Iowa for my graduation! More tomorrow!
Dark Phoenix – 3000 gold + Guild Glory of the Cataclysm Raider
Akasha made friends with some teenage girls she just adored. You can see her with one of them on the right if you look closely. I really hope they are there again next year lol!
When Wagstaff arrived, he found a home empty of servants apart from a maid, who gave him directions to the Contessa’s bedchamber before leaving herself. On arriving, he found that both the door and the Contessa were wide open. As the latter sprawled naked on her bed, arching her back like a pussycat about to be stroked, she addressed her guest as follows:
when you spoke,
You may have lost a child and are reminded each year of that loss. Or you may be desperately trying to get pregnant and this day is a reminder of your many failed attempts. You could have even lost your own mother and are reminded how much you miss her.
Acts 17 gives us insight into Paul’s missionary strategy. As he passes through Thessalonica, Paul goes to the local synagogue for three consecutive Sabbaths to preach Jesus as the Messiah. “He reasoned with them from the Scriptures, explaining and proving that the Christ had to suffer and rise from the dead.” Paul understands that these Jews have a context for understanding Jesus through the Hebrew Scriptures (or, Old Testament, as we call it). Paul’s evangelistic appeal to them is rooted in Scripture.
Are.You.Kidding.Me??
Bavington certainly fits Hickey’s universe well. His canvases are lavish and unapoletically beautiful, and like many of Hickey’s darlings, the decadent overpainting belies a shrewd intelligence underneath. Starting with measures of musical notation, Bavington’s paintings hover between intuitive abstraction, easy going west-coast conceptualism, and op while at the same time giving a firm nod to popular culture -- specifically a sort of tacky urban energy that we often discover, once we let our guard down, is quite aesthetically pleasing. If you wonder how Hickey's taste operates, with an eye that focuses as cleanly and alertly on Gajin Fujita as it does on Ellsworth Kelly or John Baldessari, Bavington might be a partial but incomplete answer.
Much unhappiness has come into the world because of bewilderment and things left unsaid.
So today i should receive my next 16 week 'mission' and the theme will be very much the same..lots of high intensity but this time with some slightly longer runs thrown in too. I really love this approach to training. you run a lot (as opposed to walking a lot) . its time efficient (so i have lots of time to do the other things in life). and the rebel in me loves the fact that training this way for longer stuff flies in the face of the must-do mega mileage traditional camp. doing big miles i simply got slower but doing less im getting quicker with no detriment to endurance. that's not to say this is some miracle solution to ultras as there's so many other things to factor in.
I tend to use any form of communication available as a platform for the most interesting topic on my mind (in my opinion). For this post I’m going to slow down and go back to the basics in term of a) my 7 goals, and b) my ‘radical’ moment this week.
6) Engage politicians: Whilst you have limited ability as a company, you can influence policy via your government affairs outreach using individual experience. Engagement with the UN CEO Water Mandate and WBCSD / WEF is vital for leading companies.
"You know, she's still our little girl. She's just like any other kid. She's going to take her first steps, say her first words and learn to ride a bike."
Although we missed our local event at Dell Children's this past weekend (see previous post!), I heard it was a wonderful day, and they've raised nearly $90,000 so far! The Peachy Keens are thrilled to do our part in Los Angeles this summer with the 46 Mommas, and if YOU want to help us conquer kids' cancer, just click this button in the sidebar! Thanks, y'all!
The overarching (pun intended) trend we’re seeing on all the runways, from New York to Paris, London to Milan, is the continued return of the strong brow. Granted, there is still the odd designer who is having the makeup artist bleach the brows (so very 2010) or thin them for a “vintage” look, but they are a shrinking minority.
Vinten will be unveiling its eagerly anticipated new Vision Blue 5 pan and tilt head and tripod system. Don’t miss this event! Champagne and hors d’oeuvres will be served.
to watch them die.
On Sunday, The New York Times reported that Apple had evaded billions of dollars in corporate taxes by setting up subsidiaries in low-tax or tax-free states and countries around the world. The company also setup a small office in tax-free Nevada, 200 miles away from Apple’s California headquarters, to collect and invest the company’s profits, allowing it to bypass California’s 8.84 percent tax rate, the report said.
You know what is missing from my CD case though? No, “quality music” and “sense of style” are not the answers that I am looking for… What is missing from my CD case that is not missing from any child’s ipod these days is the F-bomb. And songs about taking shots. And songs about doing the hanky-panky with strangers. Seriously.
Now everything is organized in these drawers - the bottom drawer has stroller stuff in it and the other three have (1) purses and Ruby's coats/sweatshirts, (2) hats and gloves and (3) items that need to be returned or given away.
and of course the menagerie.
Manori is well known for her uniquely ornate designs with intricate details, including fashionable stackable rings and gorgeous 18kt gold pave diamond beauties, which have been very well received by Bostonians.
Rating: **** (out of 5)
Or gazing on the new soft-fallen mask
So we there we go. I think that’s quite enough fringes for one day; I need to go and have a lie-down…
Once we return to London we will have accommodation with Kira or at her friend’s places. We met them tonight, nice people.
A veiled satire about the turbulent relationship that exists between the men who wield power and the women who must service them to get ahead, screenwriter Clark Carlton attempts to expose the evils of the Hollywood dream machine, and does a tremendous job doing so. While some women do end up becoming prostitutes when they comes to L.A., the one's who enter the entertainment industry aren't that different than their streetwalking cousins. Whether it's a hooker turning tricks in an alleyway off Wilshire or an aspiring actress choking on a producer's schlong at a party in Malibu, they both earn their money by getting jizzed on. To reinforce this dichotomy, there's a shot of a seemingly random prostitute in a pink top standing on the street corner. Which might seem gratuitous. Yet, upon further inspection, you'll notice the lacy outfit she is sporting is eerily similar to the one's the female valets are forced to wear. Signifying, that at the end of the day, we're all prostitutes.
The difficulty is not how to describe why they are so dumb, but in counting the ways in which they are so dumb.
Presidential pomp and circumstance aside, in this man’s saga, does it much matter exactly when he was transplated to The Indonesian Presidential Palace?
It truly was a special February day, when I chanced to look out and see this beautiful bird harvesting apples with other robins. A rare sighting . . . but one in thirty-thousand . . . it is reported by Journey North. You can learn more about this phenomenon here. A white robin may be beautiful to observe but it is a danger to the robin, as it stands out in the flock and can be more easily preyed upon.
So I will leave you all with a couple recent pictures (one of them pre-brunetting...lol) of moi. And I will be back, bleeding life back into this happy little blog of mine.
My mom got a Bourbon Island Crepe ($14SG ~$11US) with mango marmalade tossed in light caramel sauce infused with Vanilla Bourbon tea and flavored with coconut, lime and vanilla.
Sitched with DMC Threads on 32 ct. Bayleaf
Then I went to university and built on all these skills by discovering the soldering iron. It’s amazing what you can create by soldering an electronic circuit board together…! I designed the ‘anti-theft handbag‘, a biometric handbag which only opens when the correct finger is scanned. I thrived on making prototypes and models.
Also I MUST warn you about 'High Spirits'. Half of the movie rocks, the other half is embarassing, it hits so many wrong notes. But the ghost story part is so compelling and haunting, it's stayed with me for 20 years.
Has anyone read this newspaper? It's hilarious to read it every week. I think I'm going to apply to write for them - this stuff is right up my alley!
When you gonna make up your mind
- Promote music that would otherwise not have a chance to play live in different areas.
SM: Not sure how to answer either question. I've been trying to "make it" for years now. By "make it" I mean get accepted by the establishment. This started back when I was in a band and we tried to get signed. Then I tried writing and selling screenplays. And now it's children's books. This is the first time where I feel like I really have a hit on my hands. We'll see, of course. But in the past people would say "oh that's nice" but I could tell they were just being polite. But people have gone out of their way to tell me how much they dig Mr Pants. We've even had people steal copies of the book off the print shop floor, which I see as a great compliment. After all, I couldn't give away copies of my CD.
The weekly 'Athletics Union' nights held in the Students' Union bar were even more depraved.
18. Paris Is a Lonely Town (Demo) - Harold Arlen
(optional red pepper flakes if not serving to kids, we put ours on top after just for the adults)
John DeWolfe...Michael Robertson
What are my fantasies you might ask, well here are a few.
7:10 Big Dog Moe bounds down the hall and into the kitchen. I plant a kiss on his nose and my bare feet pad across the tile floor to pick up his bowl and take his pills, one by one, out of their bottles, covering them with a bit of soft cheese on top of his food. I find these early morning moments satisfying, holy even. The feeding of each of ten animals, my senior dogs given their medications, the parrots get kisses, my tiny treasures, the baby parakeets, come to life tweeting joyfully when they are uncovered, and Big Bird Flounder, with a beak the size of Texas, hurls himself into my arms as I rub and cuddle and kiss him. With me he is a sweet baby, though scary to most other people due to his size. I hold him like a baby in my arms and burrow my face into red feathers. He whistles and tells me Good Morning and hops onto my shoulder to help me with the morning chores. He talks to the little parrots as I wash and fill their bowls with fresh water, seeds, cooked beans and sprouts and chopped greens, and finally, with the big parrot on his play stand eating his breakfast I go back to the bedroom and pick up a sleepy pug, snuggling him in my arms.
Boy, am I on a roll now!
Unnatural death can be Avoided by Marrying Your Right Match by
Tears and joy.
I had full intentions of doing all the housework which included making sure that all 20+ bath towels were laundered (they’re buried in a heap in my son’s room – I managed to find only a dozen of them). I had planned to get out to watch a movie (Think Like A Man) but it hadn’t opened in any theater in my area. I had plans to meet up with Kari and go dancing. I had hoped to hear from the “ex” who has come back into my life over the past few months – the one whom I recently asked to provide me with his intentions for being back in my life (apparently though, he left his cellphone at work over the weekend and obviously had a brain fart when it came to remembering the old fashioned way of communicating – face to face! Ugh!). I had intended on seeing the “gang” (the recently acquired group of friends) but because of a recent situation with one of them (which you can read about HERE), I decided it best not to see them (or rather, him) for a bit.
I've also been working on something else with pen and watercolours. Its still a work-in-progress, as although it is 'finished' and framed, I'm not entirely satisfied, so am tweaking some bits. But here is a sneak preview...
Why all the sudden do consumers demand personalized experiences? What changed after hundreds of years of commerce where bulk interaction was sufficient? Humans have always been self-centered beings. Its our nature, regardless of how well some can resist the urge. We want the world to revolve around ourselves, so we seek out opportunities for becoming that center of orbit. It’s why we want a trusted confidant in our doctor or a waiter who will tell us what to order. It’s why “have it your way” was such a successful slogan. We have always craved these personal experiences, but only as isolated incidents that were difficult to scale and had no real bearing on the core values of an organization. There was never a need to structure a company’s business model around ego stroking. Then the Internet happened, and it inflated everyone’s natural urges to self-serve.
Further than your
proclaims herself a free spirit who can go where she pleases 'cos
Margaret Noble — Consistent
But no. The frogs this year are better than ever, a couple of them as big as pigeons, their offspring clustering sweetly around them. There are so many that even Bisou, whose passion is to bump every single one back into the pond with her nose, has been known to miss a couple.
As per usual, we are working with the Linky with thumbnails, and displaying the oldest entry first, with no randomising.
I would like to enter this into the following challenges
Why..? Well, for example, yesterday… there I was, deep in research mode… and, working my way through another music (and other things) related site – Amazon. My purpose… pure research. And, this is serious archival research into the obscure and long forgotten.
After making these sheets, I began to see how useful and easy a recipe binder would be! No more recipe cards? I could handle that. Binders just might organize everything much better! So I just may be putting these sheets to good use myself, one of these days. :)
The down side was that I was (and am) easily distracted and impulsive. Sometimes in an effort to better meet students’ needs I would go off on a wild goose chase or get in deeply over my head. My willingness to improve and fly by the seat of my pants drove some students crazy.
She ended her perfomance after 1,20h.
Before her surgery, we were feeling bad, like we were just going to ruin our happy girl...it was kind of depressing...This was her the night before...
One of my next big projects is our master closet. It’s atrocious. Incredibly atrocious. I’m determined to get it organized for good, and when I saw these units, I knew they would be perfect:
Complaints to social workers and the police were ignored because they were "petrified of being called racist", former Labour MP for Keighley Ann Cryer said. Mrs Cryer, who has campaigned to bring the issue of Asian sex gangs to light, said the girls had been "betrayed" and condemned to "untold misery" by the police and social services.
Sianim Book 1
The man who led the class was really knowledgable and spoke great English. He's a chef at a restaurant in Paris which added to the authenticity of the experience.
I certainly give Joe Konrath lots of credit for trying to put forth a most creative and different kind of thriller involving clones of famous people. And for the most part his wise-cracking dialogue held my attention, too. But int he final analysis, I just thought he tried to hard in this over-the-top novel. I just think it would be a very difficult thriller to sell to our sales force in a major way. The credibility factor is strained a wee bit too much. As such, I'm returning it with my regrets, but with my thanks for the look. - Warner Books
I'm so excited about my follower count! ::doin' a happy bunny hop:: I at 96 and counting! When I reach 99, I will announce my 100 follower giveaway! Now, I'm still a newbie at this. I don't have a TPT or TN store. But I do have a simple idea or two up my sleeve!
- poached 1kg of chicken breasts
This month feels different. I guess we're just both in a different place, mentally. Last month, we were sooooo excited. We had confidence, optimism, we were praying non-stop, asking for prayers non-stop, talking about it non-stop, thinking about it non-stop. And then we got a massive let down. I think we're both still licking our wounds.
And that the instruction manual is unfathomably translated from mandarin.
Do I wear leather shoes? Yes. I'm not a vegan. As I said, it's not about personal purity. I don't see the point of that sort of approach and anyway, it's about doing what I can sustain and not give up on. I am attracted to veganism though. Someone will say how it can't possibly be good for one to be a vegan. Some of the best fell runners I've ever know have been vegans, so it can't be that bad. I try moving towards it now and again, but it's hard to do and I back off. Keep it personally do-able, sustainable.
When I asked for some people to guest post this week, I was pretty excited when a new friend, Christy of Christy Foreman Photography, emailed me to say she'd love to post. I recently "met" Christy online through a mutual photography friend, Amanda of Amanda Buechler Photography and lilian.grace, and I thought it would be great to have someone from a different branch of the arts world share some of her thoughts here. plus, I just love Christy's photos! Here are a few of my recent faves:
The more I blogged, the more I cooked. I began to understand the challenge of cooking and photographing during daylight hours. If you have other things going on, like shearing sheep or writing novels, it can be nearbouts impossible. Most of the time, supper was on the table way after dark, and all of my photographs had an orange cast.
tomorrow it is
So, Picasso. What do we all think? I really like some of his pieces, but not much of his art on display at Musée Picasso spoke to me. Except maybe to say 'too busy looking at the view to paint properly'. And really, you couldn't blame him.
I thought that they only ate fish, and that can be the primary part of their diet, but when fish are not abundant they also eat mice, frogs, lizards, snakes, flies, crabs, shrimp, crayfish and small mammals.
However all drugs have side effects and it takes time to evaluate risks and benefits of new pharmacological agents. In the case of drugs that interfere with brain functions, it will be essential to think long-term, in other words to take into account the primal health research perspective. This is suggested by animal experiments, such as those by Carol Kellogg, who studied the long-term consequences on the offspring of diazepam – a widely used sedative drug acting on the GABA receptors. One of the significant conclusions of her experiments is that exposure to this drug at the end of fetal life induces behavioural effects that do not become apparent in exposed animals until young adult ages.7 There are other significant conclusions of these series of studies suggesting the need to think long-term when manipulating brain receptor during the early phases of development. For example if male rats have been exposed to diazepam before being born, the expected adolescent surge of testosterone does not occur.8
He said the body of work was not sufficient and I ended up writing some dull paper on "Demonology And Witchcraft In English Renaissance Drama."
A super powered time of accelerated change to the 3rd degree influenced and enhanced by the alignment of the Pleiadian energy, whom, after all, gifted us this precious thing we call consciousness of our spiritual Self.
Czech Republic
4 small boneless skinless chicken breast halves (1 lb.)
Rue the day: she dares.
Windows and doors can, unless listed, be changed at will, and yet -- perhaps more than any other feature -- they express a building's character. They are the eyes and mouth of its face.
Yes, the modern mental health leaders of the APA would have us believe autism with self-injurious behaviors doesn’t exist."
L’ANNULATION.
We are miles apart
Imagine my surprise on Tuesday when we heard from county officials that two of the PIG PAC’s supported candidates were late filing their required campaign finance reports- a violation of state law. Seriously. Tamara Brogan (PIG PAC endorsed candidate for the School Board) and the right honorable Reverend Ricky Frazier (PIG PAC supported candidate for commissioner) both neglected to file their reports by the 5PM cut-off on Monday. So, here’s the question of the day- Do we genuinely want to entrust tens of millions of dollars in annual financial decision-making to these kinds of candidates for local office, people who can’t even get simple campaign finance reports in on time? I sure hope not.
But, luckily they scrounged around and found an actual measuring tape.
Better Facebook and twitter integration:
Gather supplies inspired by that color palette.
Thought-provoking, funny and kind; this is a book that I wish I'd written!
I am a wreck with money. The sewingmachinegal keeps the family books well balanced. I have a little spending money to fiddle with each month, and I probably don't use it wisely.
To read more about this summer time mix of fresh fruit, Sammy Hagar's Beach Bar Rum and Boulevard Brewing's unfiltered wheat beer, Visit BigKahunaBrew.com
Garlic (as many as you want – full heads though)
Using a DSLR instead of my normal point and click, you can see the multi shimmer embedded in the shadows in the picture below, I think this is what gives the colours more complexity.
It is important that this report be evaluated hand in hand with the latest DOE Integrated Database Report (US Spent Nuclear Fuel And Radioactive Waste Inventories, Projections and Characteristics), referred to as IDB in the following comments. High-level waste inventories in the IDB are noted as of Dec. 31, 1994 at 958.8 million curies at only 4 specific locations: Savannah River, Idaho National Engineering Laboratory, Hanford and the former West Valley, New York reprocessing site. In view of the missing inventories of spent fuel and high-level waste discussed elsewhere in this section of RADNET, it is essential that the following footnote on page 15 in the IDB be noted by anyone concerned about the environmental remediation of source points of radioactive contamination documented in this report: “DOE IS UNDERTAKING SEVERAL INITIATIVES TO BETTER DEFINE THE VOLUMES AND TYPES OF WASTES CURRENTLY IN STORAGE AT ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION SITES AND THOSE WHICH MAY BE GENERATED DURING FUTURE REMEDIATION ACTIVITIES ACROSS THE ENTIRE DOE COMPLEX. THIS INFORMATION, WHICH SHOULD BECOME AVAILABLE IN A FEW YEARS, WILL BE INCLUDED IN FUTURE REVISIONS OF THIS REPORT.” (pg. 15). This means that the inventories of high-level waste (958.8 x 106Ci), transuranic wastes (2.67 x 106Ci), and low-level waste (23.5 x 106Ci) listed in the IBD DO NOT INCLUDE THE HUGE VOLUMES OF UNCONTAINED WASTES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION GENERATED AND DISCHARGED at the many DOE environmental restoration sites listed in this publication.
The last time I stepped in to get his submission sorted out was when he was on a ship without photocopier, stapler, postal service, that sort of thing. That year, he'd been reasonably productive and had some trade articles, a couple of national pieces and that was about it. Yet it still took 2 people most of a day to photocopy and collate the 4 separate packs that are required for the judges.
Slice or separate chevre into 24 portions.
I ran out of all my words.
Mary Ann Miller, Associate Professor of English, Caldwell College, Caldwell, NJ, is calling for submissions of poems for a proposed anthology of contemporary American poems that contain references to one or more Catholic saints (excluding Jesus and Mary). Please read below for further description and guidelines. All e-mail submissions must be received at mmiller(at)caldwell.edu (replace (at) with @ in sending email) by 11:59 p.m. on Friday, June 1, 2012. The subject line should read: "saint poem(s)" GUIDELINES: * Up to 3 poems per poet will be accepted for consideration. * Each poem must be no longer than 3 pages. * The poems should NOT be historical poems, i.e. "lives of the saints" in modern idiom, written in the voice of the saint speaking in the first person "I," NOR should they be prayers addressing the saint in the second person "you." * Personae SHOULD be contemporary voices, male and female, from a variety of social, regional, and occupational circumstances. Voices of poems already selected from traditional research are speaking within very specific contemporary dramatic contexts, such as: a mother trying to get her newborn to fall asleep at 3 a.m., a man returning to a depressed coal town in western Pennsylvania after abandoning it to live elsewhere, a Native American child experiencing the pains of assimilation in a Catholic school, an older brother concerned about the kind of marriage his younger sister might make, a burn victim's compassion for a small child with whom he shares a hospital room, a woman holding the hand of her dying mother, a Hungarian Catholic woman whose marriage to a Jewish man causes her father's rejection, a woman doing laundry, a family moving out of their home, a disillusioned nurse whose back goes out from lifting so many bodies, a medical doctor struggling to inform a patient of his terminal illness, a friend of a gay person who died of AIDS, a friend of a woman who attempted suicide, a patron of a food pantry who finds money on the floor. * Poems of humor and irony are welcome. * Published and unpublished poems may be submitted. If published, please include all original publication information in bibliographic format at the end of the poem. * Send submission as a single-file Word attachment to mmiller(at)caldwell.edu (replace (at) with @ when sending email). The first page should list the poet's name, phone number, and e-mail contact information, a brief 4-line bio, and the titles of submitted poems. The poet's name should appear on each poem. * The editor will respond by e-mail to all submissions within a month of the submission deadline. * The editor is in the process of finding a publisher for this anthology and, therefore, cannot guarantee its publication. She is proposing a collection of approximately 50 poems.
Its 8am in the morning. The train is about to reach Patna junction. Caterer serves the morning tea.
We do nothing with our great ideas for a bunch of reasons but ultimately it’s a waste of our potential and sadly sometimes, a waste of a life.
6 tablespoons water
200,000 million - people supposed to be saved
by dpbowma
Ghostbusters: The Video Bold (Wii) — Aboriginal Impressions
Ask God to take you to ‘O’ (zero) so He can then exalt you beyond measure.
When I met Anna... I pretty much knew we'd be getting along just fine. This uber fashionista is so freaking sweet, I don't know how to explain it to you. She knew she wanted to wow her guests and in the end... WE DID!
Mean Old Cat
The first comedian was a Yank, Casey James, who has a totally awesome day job, he works for the European Space Agency, he's ex NASA apparently and works with recruiting and training astronauts. Simon doesn't believe he's a rocket scientist, Simon is a sceptic and was heard muttering under his breath "well he is a comedian". I chose to believe that Mr James is ex NASA, if only for the fun I got the following day in telling my so hard to impress it's almost impossible, 13 year old, that I'd met a guy who was a rocket scientist.
Picture this scenario: You are African American and in a room full of people who happen not to be. In the room is a long table brimming with fried chicken and watermelon. You are hungry. By the way you love you some fried chicken and watermelon too. Would you not eat for fear of perpetuating some ill-conceived, mean-spirited stereotype or caricature? Ultimately if you didn’t eat, you would leave that place hungry. Ultimately you would have given others who hopefully aren’t even thinking about such things, power over you.
This upcoming year provides enough students to be made into classes for the sophomores and juniors.
At this point I see the biggest benefit of the program, ironically, as the option to earn no money at all. A book in the program can be made available for free for up to five days every 90 days. I'm doing a blog tour January 23-27 and so made Seven free for the same time period. It's now been free for about 1.5 days, and it's currently ranked #6 on the free books list and has had over 25,000 downloads. Granted, I make no money from those downloads, but I'm certain I've reached new readers and some of those readers will buy my other books.
Other defiant protesters were put in plastic handcuffs with bloody noses following scuffles with police. The New York Daily News reported there had been 15 arrests by 4.30 p.m.
The body of the email is helpful in identifying the content of the spam and can be used to train the Bayesian filters. Bayesian spam filtering which is a method to detect spam. In most cases the email address that appears to have sent the email is forged and so the full email headers help uptrack and trace the original sender of the spam. In order to block the spam from coming through, please email both the content of the email as well as the full email headers to your ISP’s contact centre.
Basically, the excess safety could help you, and your own property get enough rest during the night time, despite looking at a difficult film. Just emphasize your kids which the digital cameras are looking out for aliens, if the view of digital cameras at home could shock them.
“That’s a huge undertaking that sets phase two back,” said Fiedler, who also chairs Community Board 5’s Parks Committee. “In my opinion, you are not going to see it for five years.”
Mix 2 cups unbleached flour and 3 cups whole-wheat flour, honey, salt and yeast together in a large bowl or kettle.
As much as I am reluctant to respond to yet another of your salacious stories, I feel obliged to reply to the article published under the heading: ‘Madeley: I hate wearing knickers’ (08/08/09).
Much love xx
Upon entering their space, I was immediately amazed by the spectacular marriage of industrial design and vintage objects. Spread around the studio, you could easily find a metal table close to a wooden piece from an old carousel. Every object displayed has a story and was restored or maybe even transformed into something else. Some works are the result of collaborations; others were entirely created by them - and still others were put in a context that was completely
Clay takes off again, shoots me a challenging look, and starts walking around the waiting area. Only this time, he adds the element of kicking his shoe off every few steps. I see his shoe flying through the air out of the corner of my eye as I wrestle Brooklyn into a chair and call to Clay, "That's one. That's two..."
Overhead lights aren’t desirable as they create ugly shadows on the face. If they are all you have you may be able to balance them with a reflector.
You are my eternity eternally love
- I say: How did the little kid learn to shoot so accurately without blowing his dad’s ear off. “Sorry dad, there goes your ear, let me try again”.
18Says the Lord, who has made these things clear from the earliest times.
Brian Andrews, Loo Bain, Kimberley Baker, Lauren Ball, Leon Carver, John Collins, Tom Colley, Rob Davis, Vince Dermody, Andreana Donahue, Stephanie Dowell, Jeff Earhart, Stephen Eichhorn, Ken Fandell, Cayetano Ferrer, Diane Figueredo, Katie Fitzgerald, Ben Foch, Erin Foley, Rebecca Grady, Sayre Gomez, Frank D. Giovanni, Matthew Ginsberg, Kate Gronner, Antonio Guerrero, Jacob Christopher Hammes, Justin Hansch, Brandon Heuser, Peter Hoffman, Alex Hertzog, Dennis Hodges, Jakub Jerzy, Stacie Johnson, Gwen Jones, Wyatt Kahn, Lauren Kessenger, Alessandro Keegan, Gerard Kilgallon, Michael Langlois, Ross Luebe, Katharine Lion, Colin Lyons, George Liebert, Eric Mirabito, Teena McClelland, Jameson McShane, Becca Mann, Deirdre McConnell, Amy Mayfield, Thea Miklowski, Ralph Moran, Duncan MacKenzie, Anna Mayer, Chad Magnuson, Josh Mannis, Rich Mansfield, Rob Meinhardt, Eric May, Julia Marsh, Lindsay Madden, Don Moore, Liz Nielsen, Tish Noel, Jamisen Ogg, Lonnie Potter, John Phillips, Jon Phillips, Daniel Pineda, ChaeEun Chaenny Rhee, Scott Reeder, Amanda Ross-Ho, Nathan Redwood, Jeremy Roberts, Katie Scanlan, Min Song, Bert Stabler, Jason Starr, Ben Seamons, Susan Smolinski, Stan Schultz, Shannon Stratton, Maria Stubbs, Justin Schaefer, Michael Thibault, Adrian Tone, Julia Tcharfas, Amber Vilas, Roseann Vital, Siebren Versteeg, Kevin Vlack, J. Patrick Walsh III, Nate Wolf, Brandon White and others. (Erik Wenzel, Artist Extraordinaire)
We are down to the final four ~ Adam Lambert, Allison Iraheta, Kris Allen & Danny Gokey. These are four very talented young people. They have also had some pretty amazing mentors on this year. Last night they highlighted Slash who helped these four young people tune into classic rock.
Google+. I'm not sure what purpose it serves yes, what with all my Facebooking and Tweeting and whatnot, but I still really like the interface and how it's not all cluttered and stupid like Facebook. Also, none of my family or my right-wing, super-Christian hometown FB "friends" are on Google+, so there's that.
Psalms:
Starring: Scott Johnson, Sean Skene, Tenika Davis, Victor Zinck Jr., Terra Vnesa, Jennifer Pudavick, Dean Armstrong, Dan Skene and others.
Prof. Knobe has a novel idea for solving the riddle of the true self. He proposes a new field known as “experimental philosophy” that would do research into tough problems that have plagued philosophy for centuries, such as the riddle of the true self. For example, he and two colleagues at Yale asked 200 subjects a series of questions about their true selves. But a trick was involved.
We see Najib mocking the effects of tear gas on Anwar. So maybe Anwar didn’t get that much and maybe he’s really milking it for the publicity. But the tear gas was no laughing matter to the thousands of other Malaysians – young and old, men and women – who truly suffered its effects. Even hospitals were not spared!
I'm one of a kind and I'm just me.
The Congos - Ark Of The Covenant
In Canada, the Indian Act (passed in 1876) governs who is officially a native and who is not. Whereas most native tribes are matrilineal, until recently, the Canadian government considered only whether the father is native in determining a person’s status.
Okay. Time for a confession. I have often been accused of inkshed – too many words, Becky!—but I doggedly continue to wield my ink-laden weapon with relish. Does that make me an Inkster? Perhaps…but then I kinda like the sound of that word. It’s a bit like being called a character, something that has always tickled me because I LOVE the characters that I write about.
It can be tempting as writers to start wanting to turn things into a crusade. You think that you need to improve your concentration and go on a huge trawl for any and all techniques to do so. Yet in doing this you are actually turning it into a mission. This can work but sometimes it’s better just to keep the changes to a minimum. Tell yourself you’re just going to get a puzzle book and do the odd one from time to time and you’ve done something to improve your concentration without it become a dominant direction in your mindset.
Roger is, as has become standard for him, skeptical when Beck claims that he has a Memory that told him that Roger pilots the Big O. But he also doesn’t have any alternative theories as to why the man would know it.
Music has always been part of my life, so I loved this challenge. I listen to pretty much everything, depending on my mood and well too tell you the truth my kids are introducing me to the stuff they like...LOL. Most of it is good but other stuff well...enough said...LOL.
As the winter dying is the unavoidable road to spring, our current mystery and pain will eventually join with now unseen paths. Meaning, understanding, clarity -- they await our current trust, but maybe not until the other side of eternity. It might not be safe. And it will definitely not be boring.
To complete my project, I traveled to Varanasi, India, for a week and had the most incredible experience of my life. I interviewed women microfinance clients from small, remote villages around Varanasi to evaluate the impact that Grameen Foundation’s Microsavings Initiative at CASHPOR has had on their life. After that, I chose five women to participate in a small film about the microsavings program, with the purpose of showing the world the important role that microfinance and microsavings play in the fight against poverty.
I want to grow out my bangs, yes/no? I know I kept saying but never doing, but this time I WILL this time because I want a knew hairstyle for some time now...
When I’m an old man
5. What's your favorite band/artist? I never have a specific answer for this question. Right now I am really liking the honey trees, slow club, givers, leftover cuties, she and him, holcombe waller, and two door cinema club.
Indeed, this is a real test for my nerves, especially after a tiring day at work. I am going through elementary school again and I have the same feelings as I used to when I was the student. What I am saying is that, after I finished school I kind of liked the winter and all that comes along. Now, when summer is over, I have a deep depression and feel like I have to go to school again.
Who Struggle with Masturbation
Ang Mi Ku or Red Vegetarian Red Tortoise Bun is very popular in the Northern States of Malaysia especially in Penang and Butterworth. It is one of the must have offering during Chinese religious festival and you will see many of them are lined up at the prayers altar. The most common ones are red but you will sometimes see other different colours Mi Ku too. Some comes with head and legs just like a tortoise which is also a symbol of longivity. Mi Ku taste nice if eaten just the way it is or for extra kick you can dip it in curry just like roti canai (Malaysian Pancake). Sometime I will fry them in flour batter. Yummy and delicious!
It is not about being weak or easily influenced. It’s about being flexible and willing to evolve just as language itself evolves. And this is something that applies to all aspects of leadership – not just communication. A part of being a great leader is being able to take on ideas from other people, and constantly learn and update your ways of thinking.
But the thought of having to deal with I-35 makes me think I'm having a nightmare about, well, having to deal with I-35.
Also included are trailers for all three films.
And then the friend says, “You’re still having trouble getting over that? Didn’t you already have 4 years of therapy? Well, ok……whatever.”
There’s something to be said for this, especially for artists. The writers, painters, and musicians we remember are the ones who re-define their crafts by creating new genres. They are not necessarily striving to be the best in a certain arena — they want to create new arenas. They don’t want their audiences to merely be pleased by what they present. They want them to feel that they can’t get that sound, that emotion, those words anywhere else.
What your managers should be doing:
More broadly, a scholarly edition provides a map of documents and the human interventions that affect those documents. Our knowledge and needs continue to change, requiring new representations (and new editions) to assist our understanding of works from the past. Mapping Joseph Furphy’s Such is Life will grow with the electronic edition of the typescript and its textual descendants, providing useful notes to understand the conception, composition, revision, publication and reception of Furphy’s works. All of these things are inexorably connected to material and temporal phenomena that can be reimagined in documentary traces that have been preserved for close scrutiny.
I’ve gotta play,
(Michael Sutton, allmusic.com)
15. Your dreams have no limits, you are the creator of your dreams, big or small. When this is understood, you are able to design a way to favour you plan and accomplish your end goal.
Summer here at Long Creek Herbs means daylilies and we have several colors. Here's one of the orange doubles...
Stir, then cover and cook on low for 8 hours or high for 6 hours.
it’s all ahead
It has to be essentially the most amazing criminal timepieces ever produced, as it will take care of shooting what you really are Spying on and creating it. You can also have a few still shots with it. All you have to do is demand the watch for 3 working hours and you’re simply completely ready in your latest work.
It figures... I'm totally inspired and I have so much work to do that I likely won't be able to scrap until we are off to our vacation. We leave in roughly 36 hours. Yipes! And I haven't packed a thing. At least I've made lists though. We definitley don't want to forget anything - especially any of the medical stuff we have to take from now on. I'm hoping the letters from the doctors saying that my son must have access to lots of fluids and takes a medicine that must be dissolved in 8 ounces of fluid (we put it in a Pediasure) will make getting through security with more than the 3.4 ounces of liquid just a bit easier. I hope.
The mother, however, filed a lawsuit Tuesday against St. Theresa’s College, seeking damages for not allowing her daughter to graduate just because of the photos posted on the social networking site.
3 more from last week:
- followed the order of killing Filipinos in groups in order to save ammunition
Also, don't forget that we have a challenge going on over at the CMC Copic Challenge group. We want you to color with some pretty spring colors. Be sure it check it out and join in the fun. Anyone can play along.
Why all this spleen? I am rather sick of hearing how a certain candidate or proposition is going to heal all wounds and set the choir singing and the alternative is bankruptcy, joblessness, children suffering, angry mobs, and old folks having to fund their retirements by working in sweatshops. OK, enough inner cynic, enough!
“Yep Bud”
So what does this mean?
...but he wouldn't let me bring it home!
Once you have a profitable campaign you can then use that identical campaign with other Pay Per Click programs like Yahoo.
Honestly, I’d have lost my mind a long time ago if I didn’t have my writing. I have always balanced writing while aspiring in other areas. Such as, I am getting my PhD in Psychology currently as as a law degree. I am a wedding planner and have a full resume of other accomplishments but without writing, I’m not me.
Now combine this with our friend’s experience of walking to work. A steady cardio workout – only it wasn’t really – it was draining, exhausting and stressful right through winter in any weather: rain, snow, sleet or shine. And this coupled with the very real financial difficulties, the boiling sense of resentment against those who had cars, the sheer physical exhaustion from walking one and a half hours everyday out of necessity not choice caused a depressing reoccurrence of overeating and weight gain. Because the bottom line is: cardio exercise, steady raised heart beat (and it often was due to the run to get to work on time when late and the physical effort of trawling those bags uphill) made her hungry.
N.J. Office of Homeland Security Preparedness
Summer is a slow time in New York, which leaves me a little freedom to work on our fall new designs, materials, colors, etc.... I just recently had dinner with a Benjamin Moore creative executive, and with wine helping us, we had so many laughs and at the end of dinner we realized that we actually sat 3 hours at the table! A good thing I train it into town.
It also represents a significant change in momentum for the prohibition reform movement as a whole, and one that’s taken them almost entirely by surprise.
I have three pieces of advice for young entrepreneurs:
"This chair is nice and moves. This table has to move. It has wheels, it has too."
Strangely, no one at the Bloomberg campaign asked for an accounting until The Post began raising questions in late January about who was behind Special Election Operations, the name of which had surfaced in public filings.
You were on His mind!
Total weight gain: +29.5 total. This is +2 from last week. Almost at 30 lbs. with 7 more weeks to go.
Well, almost all the people who buy lotto tickets are in need of money. Socioeconomically speaking, the most economically disadvantaged tend to be the biggest buyers of lottery tickets — this is part of the reason that a lot of people have moral problems with state lottos as they are essentially a tax on the poor. So, everyone who ever buys a ticket is going to be horrified that someone else got the jackpot when they didn’t. People are incredibly self-centered, and so they remember the odd things that happened in which they were the star — which is why this stands out in your memory. In reality, if you ever play the lotto, the odds are pretty good that you won’t win, however someone has to actually win it. So while your odds aren’t that good, your odds of encountering a winner, especially if you play often and spend time with others who do as well, are pretty high.
This made me think. Maybe I was scared. I didn’t want to be scared. Jen said “What’s the worst that could happen?” Insert yoga magic here. I decided to go for it. My first try was not quite right. I tried again. Jen helped me lift my hips, then asked if she could let go. I felt pretty strong, so I said yes. There I was, hanging out in wheel.
As a reader pointed out last week, this indicator is now suggesting that we are at an important inflection point. However, because troughs correspond well to stock market lows, this indicator is not interpreted through a contrarian lense.
There is also another aspect to this behavior, one you may notice if you sent your child to daycare for example. “Your child works hard to hold it together all day in an environment where he’s not totally comfortable,” … “Then he gets home and lets it all out.” (babycenter.com)
I’ve been doing a bit of drilling through Ravelry’s database, looking first at what fingering weight yarn I have in green and then at pattern ideas for those yarns. It has been a useful exercise that has thrown up some suggestions I would not have automatically considered.
It was a beautiful day and the sunrise was gorgeous. There were places where the course was not well-marked and a couple of people did get lost – one got several extra miles of running around trying to get back on course.
Sweet Thames, run softly till I end my song,
-Swagger distraction for the Swagger dropkick sending Clay to the outside.
He wagged his tail at Malcolm.
So I didn’t actually come up with this concoction on my own. I got the idea from the Vittles and Bits blog but used a different brownie recipe. The caramel recipe comes from the Pioneer Woman but using the adaptation from Vittles and Bits. These are the type of brownies you make when you’re week is rapidly going down hill, you’ve had a super long day at work and the kids whined and cried for 3 hours during dinner and bath time. They are finally in bed, and you and the brownies have a date with the couch and some netflix. Or, you just love chocolate, caramel and are perfectly content eating these for breakfast with a good cup of coffee.
Pour half of batter into greased 9×13 pan.
I also am grateful that my client is interested in ideas and open to learning new things - our time together is so fulfilling!
One of the Friends moved westward to a little frontier settlement called Cincinnati. One time the rumor was spread that Indian bands were on the warpath. The settlers moved into the fort and armed themselves to fight the Indians.
Today I will share what I learned about prepositional verbs. In a nut shell, prepositional verbs are made from a verb and a preposition and must have a direct object. Prepositional verbs can not be separated. You cannot break up the prepositional phrase...who is breaking into the house...NOT...who is breaking the house into.
* Give me all your moneyz.
Ursula Schwab, a clinical nutrition specialist at the University of East Finland, said at least one family had received such an ultimatum after parents ignored healthcare staff's warnings about the dangers of an imbalanced diet for children.
As you have probably heard, we lost our ex-governor, Ann Richards, the other day. I was sad to hear that she was gone. Ann, you see, was part of the reason I moved to Texas.
Another lovely bedroom inspiration I got was just yesterday. From a fellow blogger Rosalynn from LolitaWonderland. She had placed photo's of her Lolita outfit and posed in front of her wardrobe. I noticed the wall's wallpaper straight away. It was a lovely "blue" flower pattern. Like I said before, blue is a bathroom colour, but it looked so beautiful. I couldn't help but drewl.
100 ml semi-skimmed milk
April 6– Sunday– Washington, D.C.– President Lincoln sends a telegram to General McClellan, encouraging action. “I think you better break the enemy’s line from Yorktown to Warwick River, at once. They will probably use time as advantageously as you can.”
Kevin’s Thoughts:
The garden is looking absolutely beautiful, today in garden club the pond was being dug, the orchard was pruned, lots of planting and weeding, signs being painted and a very special arch is being built by one of our student garden trustees at the entrance to the garden.
1089. Red Velvet Whoopie Pie @ the Mundy Estate (Charlotte, NC)
Unfortunately one major difficulty stands in the way of such a picture, and it’s one that was mentioned last week: empires attract doubletalk the way a dead rat attracts flies. Some of the doubletalk comes from rival power centers, outside the empire du jour or within it, that hope to excuse their own ambitions by painting that empire in the least complimentary colors that can be found, but an even larger amount gets produced by empires themselves—or, more exactly, by the tame intellectuals that empires produce and employ in numbers as large as the imperial economy can support. Between the doubletalk meant to make any given empire seem much worse than its rivals, and the doubletalk meant to make the same empire seem much better than its rivals, understanding is an early casualty.
When I finally was able to return to school, my darling first graders were so excited. I was so glad to be there as well. It felt as if everything was right with the world. Their hugs felt so much sweeter, their quirkiness so much sweeter. I realized more than once (not that I hadn't had this thought before) that week, I can do this for the next 20 years. No problem.
– Tennessee Legislators Take Greater Role in Oversight of Judges
Now it's your turn to show us your 'FAVOURITE COLOUR COMBO' cards!! There will be five free digi's given to one lucky challenge participant who will be chosen by Random.org at the end of the month! You may now use images from any company and still be included in the draw for the blog candy prize! Those who use one of Crissy's images, either from her rubber or digital collections will be entered twice in the draw.But please respect the rule of no more than three entries per month. Otherwise your
+52 25 28.26 , -4 00 19.59
My employee/mechanic Tony told me October 18th that he’d had a dream about Rob again. Tony never met Rob, but he said Rob came to him in his dream, said thanks for looking after his tools, the business and me. Rob told Tony that he was thinking about coming back, and Tony said that Rob’s head was always down. I told Tony “oh geez don’t know if I can take another round with Rob in this lifetime” lol!
It is the scars; hard work, tears, despair and a strong will to succeed. It is the vision of the finished product and its effect on audiences. However, someone has to take that vision as his or her own. Someone has to sweat the details and navigate the mire that translates written script into eye-popping visuals and heart-pumping suspense.
We are been out here knowing that if we were in the UK there would be little we could do to help. It is all down to the medical profession and their expertise. We have daily phone-calls with our daughter, being sounding boards and giving constant love and encouragement. It is heartbreaking… and I pray a lot.
Who’s my NEIGHBOR, I’m Your NEIGHBOR
Yes, they are extremely travel friendly. I haven’t tried this new shampoo before.
And set our sights on May 7.
Waiting up at night
In an appallingly irreverent in its irrelevance and afrophiliac propaganda puff piece published today in the Sunday Times' Book Review entitled "Race, the Remix The Grey Album by Kevin Young," the verminous journalos of Forty-Second Street subsidize publication of a review of a big-word blah-blah "Whitey bad" afro-centrist screed, staining in the process the most expensive real estate in the book review publishing world with a self-serving spew of invective that in a sane society would be reserved to the Personals section of High Times Magazine.
34. Meeting me in another country.
After spending lots of time playing around with the ideas I had, I can now say I settled on the photo of the lady wearing a scarf and with an space background but a lot different from the third example in the previous article.
But that is just a small part! Before each game you must have roll call. The kids are supposed to be at the field two hours before the game starts. You are two and half hours late already. Roll check consists of clean shoes, gloves, hat, extra safety pins, band aids, stomach medicine, blankets, batons and flags, and last but not least the music. And the one thing they usually forget, especially if it is a home game, is their instrument. Now you have to go all the way across town to get it.
By Michael Mooney & Jim Webb
It was a slow start to the temporary greenhouse project. First I moved the side yard 10'x20' shade structure over next to our shed, so Spouse and I could have a protected area to do our construction projects, rain or shine. That led to cleaning up and organizing the wood piles (they were in the way), adding more shelves to the temporary shed (to hold the tools and other stuff that was in the way), and carting off two bags of junk and detritus. It was a roundabout way of getting started on the greenhouse project, to be sure.
He briefly returned to New York, but then moved back to Paris where he lived and worked until the outbreak of WWI, though he benefited from many American commissions and made frequent return visits.
As soon as she passes me I launch into commando mode, lethargy forgotten. By tip-toe running up the drive after her, I soon reach the cover of one of the cars before she turns around to check if anyone is following her.
ok, so it hasn't been perfect, but the most I've gotten behind is like 2 weeks.
Yes,,,,,,,,,Cucumber you have to use cucumber in your daily diet and you should use it over your skin directly.
¦Color theme should be blue and white
In general, yes it's true that a commuter who's on a train isn't driving, and therefore not polluting, using gasoline or running people over. But that's where the park-and-rides come in. If a commuter is only on your train for half their commute, they're still behind the wheel for the other half, polluting, burning gas and putting lives in danger the whole way. And if they then stay in the car for errands on the way home, that's more driving, plus they're shopping at car-oriented stores.
BASIC MATH SKILLS are a must for anyone who wishes any kind of success in the world. Addition, Subtraction, Multiplication, and Division in lightening speed using strong mental math skills will make all higher level math go so much faster! Mad Dog Math makes learning these basic skills FUN and you can rest from using the flash cards and all the grueling processes of the past. Want your kids to LOVE math at a young age? Try Mad Dog Math~and you can sign up for the FREE trail period too HERE!
It all started with the needlepoint stocking I made for my hubby more than 20 years ago. It was time for something new! And this started a new tradition of making stockings for beloved family members.
guess what that makes me today?
The boys have each worked with the Finder for two sessions of about 15 minutes each. They have had varied success and understand now that they must remove the cup to get the treat. They have not figured out that the cup can only be removed from one end of the slot yet. Both still need some practice at learning HOW to remove the cups.
So long before I knew you
In addition to the pocket diaper and included bamboo insert, Cathy has provided an additional microfiber insert and one of their stay-dry doublers! With that combo, this diaper should have enough absorbency for ANY wetter.
P.S. That’s MY Lemon Tree!
The first poem I wrote was about World War II
God has the power and the authority to fix us all, but rather than forcing us to conform to His ways, he gives us a choice. He gives us the tools and the direction, but He does not stand over us nagging us to change. He loves us more than we can imagine and yet He gently guides us. He does not get angry when we do not change as He would prefer. We should all follow this example of how our loving Father allows us to fix ourselves.
I went to Downingtown with Tom yesterday to get some yeast for el Bat. I was only here once before, about 3 years ago, and never got to see the actual brewery. I was completely blown away by the size of this place! I never new Victory was so massively produced and distributed. The size and amount of freaking fermenters in that place was enough to get my beer nerd blood running for weeks. So much good beer!
“He’d been lying flat for 12 days so we called a nurse to move him into a more comfortable position. Then he pulled out his feeding tube and asked for a bowl of ice cream.”
No, but i have a tree that plays with me
Through and through....my mother & grandmother are with me, helping me grow.
This is how one student that Kebokile encountered talked about her study abroad experience in Botswana. One may well ask: Why does a study abroad program include an elephant ride? There may of course be many reasons: buying tickets for exchange students may help feed the elephants and their drivers, for example. Perhaps students from other countries will gain an appreciation for this mighty animal through this close contact. But I tend to suspect that the main reason may be that the program organizers are trying to find something to entertain these students and are drawn to the touristic appeal of the country’s wildlife as a way to give the students something to to do, and maybe something to talk about back home. Kebokile is not trying to take away the elephant ride, but rather to help the students put this experience in the context of the complex reality of elephant herds in Botswana, their impact on crops, other species, the economy, and the controversy around culling the herds. How might a serious pre-trek or post-trek discussion of this article influence what the students took home from the experience?
SO please go to my new blog:
When the legal team finally settled on a figure, each individual would receive an average of $20 million dollars payout per claim. Multiplied by a total of 336,000 claims that were filed against the U.S. Federal Government, the total payout would come out to a staggering $6.6 trillion dollars.
the slightest trace
In 1999, we were treated to a three-way race between Donovan McNabb, Akili Smith, and Tim Couch. The interesting thing about that year was that none of the three quarterbacks came from schools that are traditional powers. Two of the three became busts (Smith and Couch), but in all fairness, anyone drafted by the Bengals or the expansion Browns had the deck stacked against them. McNabb ended up leading the Eagles to five NFC Championship games (including four straight), and a Super Bowl, although there are a lot of Philly fans out there that would consider McNabb a bust.
When I had our children I didn't know much at all about parenting... being from a small family meant that I had little experience with babies... but I was sure of one thing. I wanted our children to share our love of reading. When they were tiny I would place rag books in their cots so they could learn the idea of a 'book', when they were old enough to listen we would read to them every night and as soon as they could grasp the alphabet we taught them to read. These days when I see the three of them together, when we are on holiday or they are at home in France, with their noses in a book I feel very content... I try and avoid the temptation to say, 'talk to me... stop reading... let's chat'... and as much as I crave their company, I am happy.
reconsider
Nice. Darker than most warmers, it pours brown like a bock with reddish amber highlights and a nice tan head.
What does this historical situation remind us of?
Deadline is 20th of september. -By then i hope i´ve found time to make some POP´s!
Whenever I've watched Dance Moms with her, my reaction to said moms constantly bitchin' and moanin' about the dance teacher's constant bitchin' and moanin', the questionable taste in costumes and routines, the apparent favoritism, and the snarky backstabbing and sniping at each has been the same:
St. Paul, Minn. – Merrill Brink International (www.merrillbrink.com), a leading global provider of language solutions for global companies and law firms, today announced that it achieved 99.55 percent on-time delivery in 2011. Read more of this entry
All-in-all, it wasn’t a bad night. I got to talk to my friends about things that we don’t typically talk about. Art, artist influences, and so on. Next month, we’ll be covering down-town and we’ll be covering the downtown art walk, so we’ll be able to compare notes.
Every evening I sit in that abandoned subway car, pretending to come home from work. I like to make believe that I’m worried about bills, and that there’s a warm meal already waiting for me on my dining room table. It makes my day so much more bearable, just to sit and count the stops which the train would normally be making if it were still attached to intact rails. But my! It was just so nice to actually, really see someone today. Even if it was a figment of my imagination, I’m lonely enough not to mind. I hope I see that same old couple again sometime. Maybe they’ll even speak to me some day! Oh, they just seemed so nice.
Dear housewives,
Things to know about Mountain O’ Mounts
“I watched in horror knowing it was my turn once they were done with others. Everything fails when you are faced with terror. All my education, training in sports, presence of mind evaporated in thin air. I felt as if I was carved in stone but something kept telling me to fight till the end, to take that chance. I didn’t want to die like an animal if I could prevent it.”
But America’s ombudsmen(voters) political choices in America’s House of Representatives has made the above idea quite unlikely to grow in the neocon House of Representatives. Neocons are not likely to favor something their political base opposes. So, the ball is likely back in the America’s consumers court.
(www.steelguru.com)
#6
Barmby Moor Primary, Pocklington!
1 sections
**Sweet baby girl, mommy and daddy will never leave you out of our kid count. You are our sweet forever baby, and you will always count.**
Holland believes that the team will be fine without him next year and that the players who learned to step up this season will do so again in his absence. Both he and Pelage believe that the Tournament appearance will bring about more interest from the fans, especially after the way they performed on the national stage.
Isaac needed A LOT of emotional healing.
Today: Jake is coming home from college. He had a difficult week in NYC, as he
(The usual.)
I think that’s it for now…how are you doing?
For my card I used the following.......
by Norman Bridwell
If multiculturalism means to cherish individual ethnic cultures then it is we who are the true multiculturalists, not the brain dead, fascist, automatons at the UAF who do not understand that cultures only survive if that which makes them different is protected. To love the multitudes of different world cultures is to love them for what they are and for the things which make them unique from each other. Not for us the grim and bleak homogenisation which the thought police at “Searchlight” seek to impose, for that can only destroy the cultural differences which adorn our planet, not enrich them.
Second place in Storefront Vanilla: PolkaDots
Maybe it was coincidence? Maybe this is normal? I don’t know nor do I care. I believed she’s be “healed” and she was. That’s all the matters. Of course I thanked God and got incredibly relaxed, so much so that I passed out.
In the next post, I’ll go into detail about creating each of the different pieces of the campaign and finally, the last post in this series will showcase all of the finished components together.
His eyes are closed, his face is pale, he dares not look on the
The dark-haired waitress is standing next to another waitress, one with silky long black hair and a mischievous dimple that promises more than a heaping plate of fries.
Of course you want your book in categories that make sense for it. Of course I'm going to use one of my books as an example ;o).
From somewhere upstairs...a high-pitched scream. Natalie barely heard it over the roar of the trembling cabin.
5. The same is seen in the field of Vedanta with reference to the word and the gap. The structure of Veda itself is appearance and disappearance.
Over the years, he has refused to take his medication because he thinks he is being poisoned. He has been hospitalized up to 19 times.
In a small saucepan, boil butter, water and dates. Cool until lukewarm.
Rodrigo Borgia, played by Jeremy Irons, schemes his way into being elected Pope Alexander VI. His seat is unsecure, however. He must plan cleverly and keep his wits about him to maintain his Papacy. Cue advantageous marriages for his daughter Lucrezia, who ends up married to the nastiest piece of work in all of Europe; and his youngest son Joffre, who at the age of 13 is married to a woman who is easily about 20. Rodrigo himself has a clever mistress Guilia Farnese; she earns the trust of both the Pope and his daughter Lucrezia. His elder son Cesare and his condottiero Michelotto spy and murder to keep the Borgia family in power. Rodrigo’s middle son, Juan, is the head of his Papal army and rather a naughty boy.
This age is , I know, just a precursor to the teen years to come. As frustrating as certain moments can be, I treasure this time. Yes, he is half-grown, but if the glimpses that I see of the man he may become prove true, he will grow to be a man of worth. That is what I hope someday to see.
Nearing tears, Libby tells Hugo that everything she said she meant. They look in each other's eyes for a moment.
Later Friso and his wife apologized on Dutch national television for ‘not having given full disclosure about the relations of Mrs Wisse-Smit with Mr Bruinsma’ but that they had ‘nothing bad in mind’. Nice to meet you: prince Johan Friso, count of Oranje-Nassau, son of the queen of the Netherlands.
Other than that, I’ve been practicing my singing while I work, I’m preparing to display and share my talents sometime in the next month or so down in Venice Beach, CA. I’ll post details when I have a firm date of when I’ll be there.
A voice came from a darkened corner. “That was impressive, Brother.”
Envy is right behind Pride in being the true engine of Las Vegas, Sin City. Smaller and smaller bikinis are donned, to the point of them not being worn at all in the topless pools, because the race is on not for enjoyment of the sun on bare skin but for who can take it all off!, shake the most junk in the trunk, or be the most outrageous and outlandish and garner the most stares from the men who pay $20 or more to attend the topless pools to watch such antics, which predictably go down, every day, all day. If you’re wondering why I went to the topless pool, it was to see what went on there and my prediction was thoroughly fulfilled, and because I knew it would be quieter as no kids are allowed there. The beach chairs were of higher quality, there was more space, and it is even better situated to the sun than the family pool (which is also enormous and loud). I enjoy a topless sunbathe whenever I can, but I was not interested in joining this race so I kept my top on. I’ll find a quiet and secluded beach where removing my top is about being closer to the sun and the earth and all that is divine about our world, and feeling that bake through my skin, not about being closer to a guest spot on Girls Gone Wild.
We had a really nice date. We went for a really long walk and had some nice dialogue. It got late, so I decided to stay the night. I was almost asleep when I suddenly developed diarrhea of the mouth, and said “I need to talk to you about something.” I had not prepared myself properly for this conversation. If I had, it may have gone better, maybe not. I’d at least have been more articulate. I had initially made the decision to wait until after dinner with the parents for this conversation, but again, the night was going so well- why not screw it up?
It seems like a really good program to follow to get my butt off the couch. I am SO out of shape though. I'm even worse than "couch". I need a "Bed to 5K" program. For real y'all. There is a small gym at my office with a running track around the roof of the building. I figure that would be a good place to start. And on the weekends I can walk/run around our neighborhood. I need to do SOMETHING. I can feel my whole body turning into jello. As I mentioned above, my laziness is feeding on itself and I have to take charge soon.
We hereby, with this background information, therefore would like to remind you of the archaeological evidence of present Lumbini and other Buddhist sites and sincerely request to issue a halt order against such kinds of provocative activities which may annoy the people of Nepal and strain our bilateral relation.
As a result of these events, the Sikh rebellion and militant movement gained a lot of support and momentum. In order to crack down on the insurgency that ensued, counter laws were enacted and the police were given any means necessary to kill the rebellion. The end appeared to justify any and all means, including torture and murder (Kaur, 2002). The decade long crackdown of insurgency after 1984 lead to the death of at least 10,000 people, while some estimates range as high as 200,000 (Kaur, 2002).
Ameselle
#1 You’ve Been Led To Believe That Losing Weight Should Be Easy
Making ME happy! I have spent sooooooooooooooooo ….yes isnt that a great deal of o’s!!! Yes, I have spent a great deal of years making sure EVERYONE was ok from the church to my family to my friends etc..etc.. and the list had the ability to go on like a bad credit report! However, I have PULLED the report and stopped it from growing… I have cleaned it up and have been starting from scratch and it feels good!
Therein lies the mystery. One should always beware of the obvious, and with so many commentators patting themselves on the back for their perspicacity – including me – there is the danger that we are missing something.
2) In a large mixing bowl, mix the white of 8 eggs with 2-3 yolks depending on your preference. I used to leave the yolks totally out, but I've come to learn that there are so many great benefits from them in moderation that now I almost always keep some in when cooking.
( the one on the end of his serving fork, that is)
A: Other blogs like Patheos actually scrub out XHTML/HTML5 syntax, so simply use the snippets below (you’ll notice that only a single “/” is omitted for each):
Tim: Vintage Lace, Carnevale, Festive Greenery dies; grungeboard crown & wings
I want to thank all of you again for following me along on this journey and for continuing to follow me. Never judging, always supporting and forever encouraging. Please know this is not goodbye, just a see you later.
My friends future daughter-in law has now asked me to make her wedding stationery, their colour scheme being hot pink, black and white. Me thinks I'd better get making some samples up quick smart....lol!!
It was the first time Ben really got to spend time with them without the whole crew around, and they had him wrapped around their finger.
It's a stunning run through of this album that I have know for almost all of my life! It's faithful, yet so very fresh sounding. It sounds of it's time, yet still so futuristic. Russell seems to have unlimited energy, as he transports us back to the late 70's. The moment 'Tryouts For The Human Race' started, the whole venue seemed to be dancing, and they don't stop until the very last note of 'Number One Song In Heaven'. Every one of these six tracks is a masterpiece, and every one is perfectly performed... Russell still hitting that incredible falsetto on the chorus of 'Beat the Clock' with ease. Each track is greeting with an incredible reaction from the crowd, and the atmosphere is nothing short of electric (rather appropriately!). I'm left feeling breathless.
"(I've Had) The Time of My Life" (Dirty Dancing)
A complimentary listing on their website for your fabulous dress.
Instead of taking a package tour, why not plan your own vacation. No doubt it is a longer process as you have to do your own research and decide what you want to do within your budget. The good thing for such a plan – you are your own boss. Wake up as early or late as you wish. This is versus the pain of early wake-up calls for a package tour.
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided (preferably extra virgin for drizzling on top)
when as a college co-ed I lumbered
I decided that I wanted a clear dominant colour for each painting and I think it worked quite well.
I had been in Latin America long enough by now to know that there was a class stigma attached to trains. Only the semidestitute, the limpers, the barefoot ones, the Indians, and the half-cracked yokels took the train, or knew anything about them. For this reason, it was a good introduction to the social miseries and scenic splendors of the continent.
Hey, it may not be cute, but its honest.
I thought they may have been a casualty of the move but they turned up and so did my smile..
Nora also got a chocolate cake pop all to herself!
Let's have a look:
I'm so inspired I think I may take an hour tomorrow morning to hit a couple thrift and consignment shops looking for a couple of these little guys... I'm very excited about the prospect!
Sports players
our leave. Yet, somewhere in the midst of the wailing, tinkering landscape,
With no perceptible effort, he adjusted to my unexpected foot position and danced on as though this was exactly what he'd intended all the time. He squeezed my shoulders and remarked, with a smile in his voice, "Nice improvisation!"
Winner: Simon Johnson
The problem with this idea, is that it was just an idea. I didn’t have a real coherent concept behind it, so while I could come up with a couple of cute quips, I was basically doing what I was criticizing. There wasn’t any real insight to what I was writing, so I was just super rambling and unfocused. It never really came together
I leave for Syd on Tuesday and before them I have an impossible number of things to do.
Gradually add the egg mixture in 2 batches, beating for 20 seconds after each addition to incorporate the ingredients. Scrape down the sides. Scrape the batter into the prepared pan and smooth the surface with a spatula. The pan will be about 1/2 full.
•Iwata Wataru interviewed by Nadine and Thierry Ribault, Fukushima: Everything has to be done again for us to stay in the contaminated areas – here
See what I mean? Such a simple little act of kindness today. You'll be setting a great example and saving someone's car in the process.
her family originated in Wau), and we had a very good dinner there. Wau is a pretty
My mom pointed these two verses to me, tonight. She wants my blog readers including Jews and Christians to know that it’s the same religion that they follow and that which we, Muslims, follow (42:13). The second of the verses (42:15) implies that we should refrain from arguments with People of the Scripture.
But the wall is preservation worthy regardless as it was home to Brooklyn's Federal League team; the Brook-Feds, or as they became more commonly referred to as the Tip Tops.
There is all you need to know about her selfishness and lack of judgment.
The "Powers Crossing" bridge on the Hamilton-Brantford rail trail at Binkley Hollow has been removed by the Hamilton Conservation Authority (HCA) leaving only concrete footings in place. A detour path beside the former bridge allows pedestrian and cyclist access between West Hamilton and Dundas, albeit narrower with a steeper grade than the bridge formally provided.
Now, that's a good deal!
Our family affliction is insomnia. This comes from my dad’s side of the family tree though, so my mum really does sleep easy. However the other three of us are affected by anything from stormy nights to the looming full moon. My favourite phrase when I was younger was, “I can’t sleep!”
The folks started murmuring in the crowd, just as they had in the wilderness but this time their murmuring concerned Him because He had said, “I AM the Bread that descended from heaven.” They questioned Him saying that they knew His father and mother and how dare He say that He came from heaven. He told them to stop their murmuring and told them that no one was able to come to Him unless His Father that had sent Him would draw them and He mentioned again that He would raise them, (Those that the Father had drawn to Him) on the Last Day. This is another insight into the framework of free will.
DP- Pion
Anyways, I have really felt God pushing me to think of the real reasons I have gained so much weight. There is no magic pill. I need to pray and seek Gods help in helping me to let go of all the shame, guilt & issues I have. I have to actually give it all to Him. That right there is a big weight I carry around that is SO unneccesary.
We marvel at our string of bad luck in the dining department, but hold on to hope that our clients will come through for us at lunch on our final day in town. They promise us “a really good place” for fried chicken. Indeed, it is fried chicken. (And with no odor of cigarettes, a step in the right direction.) But like every preceding meal, it is just adequate. It’s not bad. It’s entirely edible. The service is even a smidge better than what I’m used to in my hometown. But it’s just nothing worth writing home about.
What? I thought Rowan was hanging out in the woods with the mad Uncle? And when did Dad kick the bucket?
The first reason for the shopping trip was to take two rings into the jewellers to have the diamonds put back in them. One of them was my grandma's engagement ring which was given to me when she died and the other is my engagement ring. Last week I noticed that the claws on my ring felt sharp so I thought that I had better check how secure the diamond was and as I touched it, it came out in my hand. The jeweller said that grandma's ring, which is a row of five small diamonds, where the middle one has come out, would be no problem to fix and would cost £30. Next was my ring, first of all he said the claws were so worn down that I was extremely lucky that the diamond had not just fallen out and told me that to build them back up would cost - wait for it - £140!!! I don't know if I am incredibly naive but I can't believe that it costs so much just to put 6 claws back on a ring!!! Mark nearly had to pick me up off the floor in shock. The problem is, my engagement ring is very precious to me and so with my bank balance now £140 lighter I have left it at the jewellers and will collect it in 10 days time!
The Children Are Watching Us
“The most important word in the whole piece of music is the word God, which is also in the title ‘God Bless The USA,” Lee Greenwood said. here
We've done the drill all winter long. Now we're all geared up for some good, clean, rebellion.
Slip N’ Slide was one of those disappointing toys, wasn’t it? The commercial was full of guitar solos and people having an absolute blast. In reality, you were lucky if you even made it all the way to the end without veering to the side, touching the grass and/or pavement, and doing a horrifyingly painful backwards somersault. I guess toys like that set us up for being disappointed by a lot of things in life in general as adults. Oh shit, remember Pogo Ball? How were those asshole kids getting so much air in those commercials? Again, guitar solos, turntable sounds, jump kicks, sideways or backwards hats and flying happy ninja children. I’ll tell you, my brothers and I barely got the thing off of the ground, let alone got three or four feet of air. Picture trying to jump with THE PLANET SATURN between your ankles and you get a bit of the idea.
Me: I don't know...maybe around 50.
Pours a deep coppery amber with a nice small-celled tan head. Nice bready smell to it, with no alcohol, a surprise for a 9% beer.
i have been given some lovely chook related gifts..too good to use french hen shaped soap and eggs, hand embroidered rooster serviettes and an antique white milk glass hen on nest dish..and recently i found a pottery hen on nest dish at the op shop which i blogged about here..
For those who don’t know, the LDS Church has a genealogical system, called FamilySearch, that is an attempt to have one centralized genealogical tree for the entire world, we people can coordinate and share information about their forebears. Part of this system is also used to track the work we do in our Temples in behalf of the dead (baptism, sealing families together, etc). When I was last in the Temple (Saturday, thanks to the encouragement of my lovely wife), I had some ideas on what the Church FamilySearch and Temple programs could do to improve the process of taking names of family members to the Temple to do their work. I’ve no idea how I could get the idea to the people who would need to hear it, but I thought I’d put it down here at least.
green with graffiti.
For me, children are people who thrive with unconditionality, explore with freedom, learn with choice, and love with example.
This problem snowballs with a huge number of other none-too-unusual obstacles that would face your average zombie in an urban locale. They aren’t thinking creatures in the same way that a guy who murders his wife and kids in a red-tinged rage-filled haze is. They are going to do stupid things, like walk through plate glass, swim after you until they drown (What? Zombies can’t drown you say? Bullshit–see part 3), get hit by cars, fall down open manholes, electrocute themselves on third rails, and, perhaps most importantly, be unable to find you.
Just three examples:
A concussive shot rang out, buzz-sawing past Kenneth so fast, it took a few hairs off the side of his head. A small explosion followed suit moments later.
elections would be held under the auspices of a coup regime, the UN,
He organizes a demonstration for the release of Sacco & Vanzetti, but when they are executed on August 23, 1927, Di Giovanni turns to violent actions with the Scarfo brothers (Alejandro & Paulino); many bombs are set off, especially aimed at North American interests. For example, on December 25, 1927, the National City Bank was bombed, & on May 3, 1928, the Italian consulate.
It would need to be a chilled one, though, because unlike most ales - which can usually be drunk close to room temperature without being entirely ruined - this one would surely suffer the same fate as any carbonated soft drink when served too warm.
I'm happy I can write blogs while feeding Ian.
Yesterday I used the word “crowd-sourcing,” which seems to be a growing buzzword in digital humanities—especially when funding for traditional, in-house transcription projects is in jeopardy.
I share with you.
I have 6 young girls coming to the party so of course i had to have pink. leopard and glitter for them, ooh yes and a bit of chocolate fudge too. Whats a party without chocolate Right?
The characteristics of patterns they thought most important was that it can be explained (there is an idea or structure) and someone who understands it can extend it or fill in a missing piece.
