within the last 3 months, but my memory is funny. Any good article on the topic would do!
The yumminess of red kale!!
Happy T Day Wanie and Tricky nick #20Mobb free Head
we love lb and we love our right to vote. so if you are registered, please vote!
On this day in 1935 Krueger’s Cream Ale and Krueger’s Finest Beer were introduced to the public. Happy Birthday beer can!
Hello world! We are OccupyCinemaNYC! We've come to make the world a better place through cinema.
you scare me when you go hey
great dinner with you at Charley's last night!!
art is life hon.
I'm at home sick -__-
Before she was a contestant on the Bachelor (who "won"). She had a kid then, but technically different show. ;{
Trucks are at Seminole Hard Rock tonight till 10.
Sweet - is such a luscious word..
$10k would help us research huge spike in birth defects & infant mortality in Iraq during/after war.
Just Got Google +!!!
How come when you clear your Notification Center on iOS it doesn't subsequently remove the badge icon from the app you cleared?
Thanks for the RT :).
Shake off that case of the Monday's with some tasty tacos.. We're servin um Up at Farragut square 17th and k. K?
The Sharp Hospital green roof is almost complete! Speaking on green roofs at the Bright Green Futures Conference in 30 Min
They think they know better than us. How elitist! Also, I know better than them. Not elitist.
Raise your hand if you prefix things with "!" to move them to the top of the list (email folders, gmail tags, ...).
Just got out of a meeting with Al Gore, he says my farts are ruining the ozone. I am suppose to hold them in now.
Would love to know the amount of planning that #CBS has to go through in order to cover an event like
I'm good, errand and cleaning day. :)
Assembly passes SB377, which changes the terminology for those with an intellectual disability in WI statute, on a voice vote
Beat selling is all about finding profitable traffic and collecting it. That means growing your Facebook, Twitter and Email lists.
How's Peabody treating u? I'm thinking about applying there to get a Music Ed degree.
There's not much snow...
Good for you! Congrats!
being me some deadass
Radio personality for the Brazilian hour radio , is telling us about his work, centered around parternships. Any questions?
sharing about free-range media & learning in an environment of trust, living in an unfiltered world
I wanna do my final editorial in journalism on you!!(:
Doing a pass of 'Bros V. Hoes' and literally LOL-ing.
yes yes yes!
I'm comfortable being put in that box, thank you.
I believe that is Will's infamous corn husk wreath. Jess?
I need a back massage omg lol
dog how is this dude lebron an mvp tho lol he is not clutch missin those free.throws
hey I'm sorry I haven't been feeling well lately so i've been going to bed early! we do need to talk tho! text me today :)
girl i did NOT make it up there smh. lol are you done wit class today? i'll prob jus go tomorrow...
Thank you:D
guess what .... Bad.girls.club is holding auditions in Houston ....may 12 th .fml (:
the awkward moment when your solo is too similar to one that one of your judges did on sytycd... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Lmao best line of "Modern Family" .. we just got a glare from Mr. Socks with sandals. It's funny because people who do that are douches
what is your strategy today in the NFL? what a day. It might be some game total plays for me
finally got to burnin some shit
you realize Gus Johnson is doing MLS radio? His call last week with game winner in extra time gave me shivers.
good one only a #fool that can't #Cap would be on the Under in this #Cards #Brave game we are over 8 and
The rumors are true. Corporate is shutting down all MLM sites. Stick with us as locally we are looking at options. Stay tuned.
i better here your opinions on this #taylorallderdice even though youre a wiz hater
Phoebe is deaf, so she was totally taken by surprise when mom hit her with the car.
It really is hit or miss, though. Some pub work is simply a chore & parties involved don't always mesh/pull their weight.
*gigglesnort* sour bananas
we all have our story
Tryna keep my eyes open...
You know it's gonna be a good night when 'I'll Have Another' wins the Derby!! cc:
Haha that's cool! Hmm I don't know? :)
Oh the adventures in Greensburg, Indiana.
yes a man can dance and not look gay.
I do not live in Europe. Unfortunately, my trip will have to be in July, that is the only free time I have
I had SO much fun tonite w Kirk Lightsey,Martin Jakonovsky and Mario Gonzi in Bonn!! Thank you guys,you were fantastic! <3<3
. . . Flirts with me to keep the relationship fresh . . .
Ole Miss tonight!
Interview in half an hour. I am as prepared as possible but the jitters are setting in.
Q1 #momeochat from the mouth of babes, "she" says that they are making up for what they did not have as kids.
No don't cut ahahahaaaaaa
Giving people a voice and letting people tell their own stories seems to be a main interest at this PIC. Wonderful.
Sugar can cause tooth decay. Did you know that a 12-oz. soda has an average of 12 tsp. of sugar in it?
Hey San Diego folks, what's the best old school style tiki bar in the area?
- your comment system is b0rked on Chrome/Mac
She stretched In the hammock, Sipped Her drink, And said, I'd be A lawyer If I could run Faster. (Copyright 2011 Lew Hagood)
Yes, already done =) !
What about the other 5*?
Good Morning all.
been great, have a good balance of work and play too so we're not going crazy haha
Hope everyone has a great time at Rock Beyond Belief!
Mowing the grass is not a priority for me. I am at an age when a man needs a sense of nobility. ~ Garrison Keillor
ace gang, it's boy stalking time! ;)
Perfect way to get hit by car ... Run into on coming traffic screaming
u r a wierdo
Live the dream tonight!
Use the content your museums have to START the conversation, not as an end.
Make today count! Be a blessing in someone's day
Have the dates for the 2012 conference been scheduled yet?
There be the most cutest guys online.
can't wait for the weekend. Temecula wine tasting and the big 1 year anniversary. Crazy how fast this year has gone by.
How's my favorite John?
Also the videos in that playlist only repeat "A Universe Not Made For Us" even though the title of the video changes.
Worst part of spring is being next to a teenager in traffic while your windows down & hearing Skrillex being blasted from their mothers car.
they outta style?
Ky. counties building ambu-buses for disasters
maybe earlier
( congrats on having a daughter )
What kind of veggies do well in Vermont?
WELCOME TO THE HOTTEST LABEL IN PITTSBURGH! LET'S GET IT!
Woop! Thank you!
But i feel worse for the next guy that I fall in love with
Just saw a 70 year old woman with beats by dre head phones.
Hey Honey .. I shrunk my taxes and now that want to see my returns!
thanks sam. Hope all is well.
The eagle is en route
The foundation of lasting self-confidence and self esteem is excellence,mastery of your work. Brian Tracy
I will have to ask Fanny for her approval.
You're a twitter hoe (;
The Cast of #ThinkLikeAMan is on CAU campus right now!
My Jimmy Johns is taking far too long.
can never go to that store and buy just two or a couple items
What are the top three music cities in the US?
Remember and honor the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
am going to go shop around on Friday and just wanted to see what time you'd be there...<U+E057>
Jesus. I just directed someone to your feed, after telling them that you are perfect in re: technology.
Watching ABDC forgot to yesterday :p
great job this year Coach!
Left school early blah ):
got kidnapped by George Bush. He took you to yo grandma house
what makes a tweet special that you want to retweet or reply to it? Because I've tried a million times and it's not working :(
mayors swim in harbor goal = actual definition of mentally challenged in dictionary
If time is my vessel, then learning to love might be my way back to sea.
Have plenty of water around before during and after exercise. Hydrating yourself has many physical and psychological advantages!
Blessings, love, and appreciation to all who have carried, delivered, adopted, mentored, and love as would a mother. Happy Mother's Day!
On the way to see Conan perform tonight.
where's my crabcake??
It was hard when she left, even harder after she passed.
#LMSunSIG accessibility issues are coming very much to the fore at this point, ESP w/ totally online
3 more to go!! ;-) RT : you made it through the early morning! Woot woot! ^_^
I've been told im well advance for my age...!! ;)
shooting habitat video today! Thanks Catral Doyle Creative, stay tuned
and a lot more fist
loved it!
Heading to Waterloo to watch some USHL action. Fingers are crossed that I don't get caught in a white out.
Made a 98 on first final :-) I think it was the beach trip before that did the trick. Three more to go yay!
Three Weeks & still no word frm interviewee on corp approval 4 coms re #USCricket. 1 week was word. Now no answer 2 e-mails
but its beautiful *innocent little girl voice*
Where and what time
I finally broke my last coachella casino 100 dollar bill on that bushmills.
RT In reality girls AND guys are the SAME shit.
Cant decide whether I want to stay natural or relax my hair. Im torn
Filming a old gasket company tomorrow. Very cool stuff. Ok, I'm a nerd.
Editing, editing, editing here :) RT : Writing writing writing, getting into the #Monday groove :-)
"There are 2 kinds of people in this world that go around beardless — boys & women — and I am neither one." - Old Greek Saying
Lets run away and don't ever look back. don't ever look back
Made kale chips-wow! Better than potato. So many nutrients makes broccoli look like candy. Easy-fresh kale, olv oil, ltl sea salt!
did I do it?
A #Taurus knows why you lie.
Ah, yeah, ur right, they suck. I'll never forget the in-text citations in my papers! They stuck out like sore thumbs
At first I thought you said "forts." That seems plausible, too!
He may very well use the same amendment to strike ObamaCare down!
The heart only knows love. We teach it everything else.
Laying low today. The wedding last night was super fun! And now I need to recover a little bit. :)
Man. Two birds makes for a stoned one. One being me.
6000 and 40 tweets ago I brought forth twitter to my black berry. I tweeted and tweeted nonsense to hardly any followers. Nothings changed.
lo thanks for being nice about it
South Beach Hotel For Sale 15 Mil
Wants a change.. maybe I should dye my hair black..
hahahaha sorry I never got your tweet but we were good
U know me.. just doing my thing :) RT“: You are hilarious and I miss you. How are you?”
love Decaf!<U+2665>
The walk upstairs to my room is the slow walk of death to execution for batteries. Farg.
Two more days then off for 15. Can't wait!!!
True re: outside transparency. Like last minute amendment granting mayoral powers in hotelier vote.
It was great to meet you and try your Rooibos Chai at the Fancy Food show. Fair Trade Organic #ForTheWin!
Great picture how are you sir?
Thx for the connect, now pls check my arch and int design tweets at Cheers!
Thank you for following us! If there was ONE tweet we could tweet about you or yr business, what would it be? Please DM me
TY to Kathy Harman for a fantastic program on changing core beliefs, ICF Greater Richmond, icfgr.com
Seriously why are the ICONicBoyz gonna delete !?!??!?????????!??
I heard she likes it rough! RT : You should stay away from Leesa then. She likes to play rough.
I'm ready for summer
Have a great tour!
Black Duck Software Reports Strongest First Quarter In Company History
Here at PerBlue HQ, we are prepping for a visit from #madison Mayor Paul Soglin.
Yup RT it appears as though everything in amazon's gold box for today is horrible. except for the ps3. that's a good deal.
what's everyone got going on today?
This week was....DEADLY
Skyway Accident Involves Police Car
Hey... Sent you a DM. Ttyl
Basically, from the viewpoint of real human value we are all the same
AUSdgarjgnasekn! I'm having so many "FFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUU-" moments at the time. -.-
Could the night have gone any better for Trader Ted?
Lmao r u watching ABDC too!! So am i!
Got up an hour late this morning... I'm in no mood to be in a rush.
Couldn'tbe happier for two amazing friends!
Heard rumors of customers ditching their dinner bills during Boston's blackout.
and you win the free excessive at wear collection plus a box of toothpicks.
racks on racks on racks haha
My guys are headed to the movies and I am hanging with the ladies !!
Wow 288 is my number. I put a link to my other Twitter , I go do one to ths one, my new video I did today
DAMN, forreal though, where's the de?
Great NPR piece on rural and urban housing choices in Wisconsin this morning
I left them hoes alone to pursue my dreams
#MYIDOL Jessica sings beautiful an wonderful every week if she keeps doing whatever she doing she be on top
U are gorgeous x
thought you may like that - esp after your tweets last night ;)
I need 1 more follow for 1130 shoutout for shoutout?follow for follow?
Follow me? (:
Good looking pencils? You found my weakness.........
Ladies...if it doesn't work out between us, the VERY next guy will get you pregnant.
Had a great workout today. I feel great!!! I got to start getting a workout in on the regular. I've been slacking lately.
Please Follow .! It's Her Birthday And It Would Be AMAZING If You Follow.(:<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Things are good - the shelter is crazy but all good. Hope we can catch up soon. Did u get the present from the Teen Group? :)
Valentine's Day is secretly one of my fav holidays...
MT : Big thanks to for the excellent presentation in #CO101 this morning. Great advice and insight!
Never knew Catch Phrase could get so heated!
Yup... just got back to you (was unburying from a weekend in ATL). Hope you are well.
“I will not be threatened by a walking meat loaf!” An American Werewolf in London (1981)
the best day of my life
Love getting mail? Message us your address and we'll send you a cool surprise!
I TRIED HITTIN YOU UP BRUH
Budget cuts can destroy parks programs - Speak Up for your community!
You think anyone still believes Brees is still MVP? Rodgers is by far the best
Super fun class with my #webdesign students tonight Sharp group with some great ideas.
All I really wanna do nowadays, is skate.
Great! So happy you had a great time
Come up with a sweet t-shirt design & you never know if it could make you some money. Tends to do that for a lot of folks, like our clients.
We are regulars and generally light beer drinkers, convince us to venture beyond w that seasonal menu please.
Certain HTML5 microdata gets you Google rich snippets.
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who can't post Facebook pictures without their boobs hanging out.
CONGRATS CHEF..YOU DESERVE IT!!!!
It's that time again Millennium Disco $5 vodka cold beer and late nights w/ come get some Password=MegaMan
Andybody wants to see my boobs?
what did your husband took as course of treatment? What all things did he do to remove those kidney stones?
Aww man thats like one of my favorite spots
It is not about supporting IE, so much as IE supporting the HTML5 features we rely on. IE10 is the only ver that does.
that is WONDERFUL, so happy for you #twin !!!
On my way to see and the rest of the Brew Crew in beast mode against the Dbacks!
Grab some lunch from Franktuary at our free concert with Good Night, States this Friday! 12:30pm, 5440 Penn Ave.
Thanks, Christoph! It's more a virtual meeting on innovation, less task-driven but want the usual interactivity of in person
Omg ! In summer I will got the new ipad 3 !! Yaaay :D
Thank you so much! I can't wait to see her in person!
Washington Redskins visting Indianapolis Colts kick-off at 7:00 PM ET #redskins #colts #nfl (Via )
Moroney: opinion has no place in news; that seems to run counter to the trend of #journalists embracing their community role.
LMKasprzak re: CMC -- exploring Value Proposition written from clients', not consultants', perspective. More difficult to write.
could u help me get more followers?
SIDETRAIN, SCRATCH, DIGGER, 2HUNERD, Q pretty good crew
thanks for following me!:))
Pentatonix! Look them up cuz they will be winning The Sing-Off! :)
RT : Do good and eat good! On Tues 12/13 VIA is donating 10% of our daily sales to Because everyone deserves...
no that is fine you can turn it in, just make sure to highlight it or something so we see it
RAISE THE MUTHAFUKIN JOLLY ROGER HOLY SHIT
aye what u know bout that?
Thanks to for throwing down the dare to feed those in need! served 14,543 meals in Sept thanks to donors
We're looking for #success stories from any of our #networking events. Have one? Tell us about it and you could be featured on our website!
Flipping between NBA All-Star and Oscar Red Carpet! Too much on TV!
Wow. Only 5 minutes at #Transmediale and I've already been condescended to twice. This must be some kind of record.
A forget-me-not to / for answering our fact-check request after I tweeted about how long we were waiting.
#EmoTweets call you later!
If I had to describe myself in terms of characters, it would be 1 part George Costanza, 3 parts John Candy in Planes/Trains/Automobiles.
how are u
Morning tweeters! Today's going to be a great one...for me at least.
Waking up sucks.
CONGRATS! | RT : Time for a P.O.Box is growing.
Why do I stay up so late, when I know I have to get up at 6 for school
you are so far away but when I listen to Angels and Gentlemen...
Looks like the baby is going to wait until Easter to come make an appearance, can't come soon enought
Is every girls favorite color purple now? Wtf.
This Metrobus is filled with people gabbing about the Black Keys show.
Almost Ready To Give Up On Getting Tweeted Or Followed By I Feel Invisible. :( But I Still Love You Hunter! (.
Me, me, me!! // creating our first #YBP Newsletter for
one main reason i missed is because i wasn't able to mess with her & all her mistakes (':
You're right about that! We're so fortunate to be able to work with you.
I am upset that Drew got sent home tonight. This is all Simon's fault.
We're not picking on you when we ask you to follow the archives rules, we have them for a reason
Just because you have an opinion and a way to distribute that opinion doesn't mean you're right. ~ Lee Odden
I changed my twitter name so all the dumb bitches from my school will quit following me.
I wanna go to hooters tonight to watch the thunder game <3
": When a none factor becomes a problem they lose the none about them"shut the hell up
Thanks for the birthday wishes :) love all you guys!!
And this is why we love you.
If people never learn their lessons...they're really f***in stupid.
Happy Birthday !!! I still remember playing paddycakes with little you. Too bad i always won, ha ha!
Merry Christmas Everyone! Have a wonderful christmas! <3 ^_^
so nice meeting you today b4 your performance, you did amazing:) Keep dancing! Love you!:)
#Anchorman sequel? Yes, please.
Thank you! 'Energizing Indiana' helps you save - South Bend Tribune
I am Meochia owner of My Times Travel, hello ladies, I am happy to be here with you!
that makes me so upset. i liked it but it kind of pisses me off too that we won't qet to see them in London. not very happy..
So Reuben, you're saying a non-skilled person with a power tool is dangerous, yet you want to blame the power...
Will to run tonight has just about left me.
oh well thank you Matthew lol
I have a lot Of followers ? VAT ? Omgaahh <3 You have like thousands ! When I'm here hoping for 200 followers?
You have a great day too!
is forreal going to get smacked talking to me like hes crazy.
Puck you Jonah!
Don't miss Mr. Singer tomorrow at 1:45pm! His up-tempo music will make your little ones clap, dance, and sing along!
Is it just me or are Burbank Starbucks the date spots of the valley?
I'm the best rapper this side of the shower curtain.
Try a jar filled with balsamic vinegar + washing up detergent. Stretch film across the top with sml holes. Traps & kills!
I wanted to share some godaddy coupons that work
break a leg! god I would kill to do that show. lookslike i'll do legally blond next but who knows. I for sure will! :D
Studio for the 2nd time this week! :)
yeah probably... I need to talk to the coaches for a few min but after that I'm good.
Damn smh *look at ground with shame* kobe muhfugg y'all
Tiny Tower and Draw Something for me!
Yeah right! Thanks! :-)
worst. allergies. ever.
These are the puzzles that preoccupy me.
I'm young so no I won't apologize for any of the dumb shit I pull.
Agreed! She is making the show unbearable! ": Who else wonders why they even incorporated Nellie into ?"
Let ME be clear, Obama's war on terror policies are virtually identical to those of George W. Bush. Bin Laden is dead. I report, you decide.
Daily GTKY question presents the conclusion of guilty pleasure week. What is your guilty pleasure?
No Internet at work makes life tough for a social media guy. Too bad Facebook app for Android is worse than shingles.
are you going to class? my phone is dead and i need my charger lol
A business must be concerning, it must be fun, and it must exercise your artistic instincts.
Dear Followers, Just wanted to say that this is not automatic deal posting program. Someone is manually finding deals and posting it.
Whatever happened to other Olivia's baby?
Getting in the jacuzzi with my mom to relieve some stress >>>
To #iowa, please vote
Sunny day out and I have work till 5 #thissucks :(
Thanks to Eve, Mary, Bronwen, and Nick for their hard work on our behalf this week.
Inspired by , the BFF and fabulous hubby....it's time.
Great soundcheck for tonight, see you at all Paul Hall at 8! Don't forget to check in on #foursquare for merch specials.
I. Need. Coffee.
Nothing beats working out after a long day at the office. Chest and abs. Hot yoga tomorrow.
If any of you received a spam email from me, my email was hacked. I have now updated it. I apologize.
U know, pussies get so damn pissed when you call them "a cocksucker"… but...wait..*_°
Amongst all the things that keep me busy, I have to also study for the US Naturalization test! At Whistler... instead of beers, studying :-(
And I, for one, am glad you are, ! Where have you been?
haha i was so tired! hey
That one person that always makes me happy!
Over the Thad years especially, I have observed the Buckeyes can't beat decent teams without shooting a good percentage from 3-point land.
Today in 1941 Ted Williams finished the season with a .406 BA, the last #MLB player to do so.
As a librarian I advocate shushing their asses. That will really show them.
choose billy it wont be a mistake
working on the video footage we made during the cd recording in the studio. Takes a lots of time to put it all together
Reason why im weird- my grandmother from my mothers side didnt like me... but she died
God, family, and !
Thanks to everyone who made our first live broadcast a HUGE success. We will most likely not be in Rochester next weekend but it's still TBD
If you have headaches, numbness, weakness, pain down the arms & medication isn't helping, it's time to see a Dr. Or get your
smart man, no? what's the real point of a #prediction when anything in the world can happen and intelligent people know this?
Excited to hear from Jordan Boyd-Graber next Tues on topic modeling. 12:30pm (MT )
omg, i know! But, I was chatting w/ some other folks interested, maybe we can pool our cash to split the costs.
Lovely lunch pow-wow with the fam at #HappyFriday!
RIP MCA. How very sad.
Where that bitch Nene at?! On #glee wtf!
I need a drink these people are on my last nerve hurry up and move out already
RT I don't wanna see none of u niggas with them plaid picnic blanket shorts this summer, I swear <U+2190>!!!!!!!!
Two pitiful passes to start the game by Teague. Tebow has made better
Dick Clark is dead.... Seacrest still alive.
New Records on the way
Thanks RT : gorgeous smile
“: S/O to who's leaving Hawaii tomorrow! We'll miss ya buddy! #gonnariseup” miss u too bro. Thx for memories!
Stop being bipolar. Kay thanks! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Lafayette tune into 93.7 at 6pm tonight. We'll be on their "local spotlight" segment!
what's going on?
Tonk's inaugural trip to the VA. A little scared; I told him most DC residents are scared to cross into the VA
On a scale from 1-10 a girl with a nasty mouth equals a 1.
Duly noted - we'll add that to the list of things we'll look into for next time. Thanks! cc
Have John Brothers sign your copy of "Building Nonprofit Capacity" today from 11:00-11:45am at the Josey-Bass booth (#1112).
you really must give me more notice
Franchise #Tax Board Friday is traditional slow news day. We have 2 news releases ready for next week. How's that for whetting your whistle?
Where are we going to hide the cheerleaders?
I want to buy you a beer.
When people give me them big jump on hugs >>>>
Love is an amazing thing. I've lost a lot on this journey and I don't regret anything but I think I need to live a little more...
#WhatIWantThisSummer: to meet and
I am IN LOVE with how my hair came out!!
lol! We could only hope it would.
Katie, is it for professional athletes only? Are you in it? Hope all is well with you.
would love to retweet that Josie... But you won't let us!
HI!! i have not laid eyes on it myself, so i can't say for sure.. but i see *other people suggesting 2K.
#Imagine Austin: there are two things that i want to give you. You: what? Austin: my heart and my last name honey
Of course, Fox is not a news organization
We can only hope. :) #Suikoden PSP Woven Web of a Century
if that's the case I think the women should do everythin the man say..not cause he said so but cause he takin care of her
Don effing Draper.
Damn I just spent $6 on a shiner bock with 3.25 abv
Make sure you step on a hipster on your way in the building.
I think the DH is good for both leagues.NL Pitchers only bat every 5 days anyway.So I do agree with you!
Thanks for your kind tweet. I'm truly humbled.Thanks again : )
They are illogical & ignorant bastards...just saying
yes it does ;)
yeah so I'll come early so we can hang out
Wow, thank you so much! You just made my Friday. :) And thanks for supporting !
Mike Brown is a defensive-minded coach whose team has shitty defense, and an "always prepared" coach whose team is never prepared.
is one childish mother fucker
happy free comic book day! go get some free comics, then buy some from your local retailer.
yea its still the same, you still got it?
listening in on preschool storytime - there's a little wheel turning in my heart <sings>
i got make up remover in my eye and it still burns
Yu got the right stuff babbyyyy! Well, we are about to find out. Yu better! :)
#osama ... 2) What message would it have sent if we had captured but *not* killed #obl? 3) ...
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 26
Btw, every picture I post of a tattoo has been done by me! :)
I try to be, lol. As soon as I can get my mind under control, my book will be out!!!
Rachel Maddow for Meet The Press!
so went to Fargo North Dakota..I wonder if she saw Grant Otis while there haha
Congrats to the for defeating Hamilton 15-6! Josh Simms had 5 goals & 1 assist for the Outlaws
I'm uploading this week's Mail Monday as I tweet! It's so good this week!
The reader gave it 4/5. Which now gives THE END GAMES 4.67/5 on Goodreads. Which, FWIW, is kinda neat.
Making melancholia identifiable among African slaves by Carolyn Roberts at
Thanks for checking us out, we appreciate that. Please spread the word and stay in touch! Thanks again!
Hey lookie here...It's FEEL GOOD FRIDAY!!!!
Hehe, I would not consider 25 miles in my neighborhood :) #hfchat'
my daughter is my inspiration
Enjoy a great holiday weekend from all of us at !
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody
Someone needs to write a terrible (/wonderful) X-over fic of the X Files & Holmes. And by someone I mean me.
Just found out I have almost $600 in my bank account when I thought I was broke. That just made my day!(:
'Bout time!
sounds bout right but I loved every second of it!!! I bet you looked super presh all derbied out
I honestly believe that the city of Brookpark doesn't own one snow plow.
Thanks! No, we need to be out by tomorrow. We talk a big game about working from home until we find an awesome new office space
we love you too:)
First thing I do after graduating, perform. Show at 7 in Falls Church, VA
Whoa blood sugar has been high since Sunday but right now it's 361
Michigan Tech, GM To Show Off High School Talent
"The degree of responsibility you take for your life determines how much change you can create in it."
I need to build a new terrarium or paludarium or any type of tank again. bad. I miss having greenery around home!
that's a night shift man for ya haha, I'm working in Rochester all week. This drive blows.
Like a boss.
I SO want that game
Parks and Rec is literally the best show ever
Business, that's easily defined - it's other people's money. Peter Drucker
hey thanks for the add! Please please check us on facebook, and tell us what u think!
Old Travesty
RT There's no food in my fridge #SadForLife / :D
ty ur kind 2 say that i did my best w/them both
We miss you guys too! I hope all is going well for you and !
my sister just walked the stage. almost done with graduation. the dinner at the parents. i need a drink.
you in my 'who to follow < i'd rather not look at your face
North Shore here we come w/ !
-_- this girl done started tweeting her relationship story & how he did this and that & blah blah.... Take that shit Back to FB
Did you mess up & eat junk yesterday? That's OK... just get back on track today. Treadmill, weights, healthy eating. You CAN do it! Luv ya!
Bored in class
One more month of school, then summer!
A favorite quote. Wonder why. "Beware of artists, they mix with all classes of society and are therefore most dangerous." - Queen Victoria
ALPHA NEWS: Alpha Rho at Morehouse College Wins Southern Region College Chapter of the Year
Less than two hours to get to , try some sweet, sweet Chameleon cold-brew, and tweet us some beautiful pics! #coffeeevolved!
Show up for indy media, Albuquerque: 3pm TODAY, City Hall, support Quote-Unquote & their request to review the city's public cable RFP.
oh yeah thats a bet. I will be back home this weekend so we will get up then.
Ugh, we're already busy at work :/
The person im talking about is my gay friend ...
What Is A Good Relationship? I Need To Know
"All I want is a good home and a wife and a children and some food to feed them every night" <<--- oh naw we can't be cool lol
Just redesigned my site. What do you think? Not sure how I feel about it yet! I really like the logo :) Let me know what you think!
Adam there u r ! would u plz talk 2 me damn it!
Ah just drove by a freshly painted lacrosse field. I miss coaching already!
and what exactly are the choices?
carly better still be dressing up.
ya he repiled to me so
I've seen it before. Haha. Thanks, though. He sure is sexy. ;)
Fun 2 meet u! I had sashimi. U? RT Met up at Mitsuwa and with we met :)
I've been woken up so many times in the past hour, I literally just got physically sick and threw up.
#IfIwasPresident I would be the first Mexican president ever
Do you ever get mistaken for the lady from the first season of The Real World?
Im super addicted to this oil from my school O_o
On my way home so tired
That is great. I teach at St. John's and hope you will find world-class faculty who will help you become a greater person!
Thanks for the mention!
Grazie Piccolina! RT Congratulations and the biggest Auguri to Carina for getting the job-so proud of you bella!
#YouLookRealStupid when you look like me.
using proper form when working out is the key to getting the results you want and preventing injuries. think quality over quantity.
but its the weekend. have a blast. then get home early and make work.
I am adding another category under Sporting that should allow you to single out my blog post again & then mention my twitter.
One day, when I'm cool, I'll have hair like Seriously! Where do I have to go??
Many thanks to all, especially recent followers and DJ's for the feedback.
Damn, why are the entry level library jobs in flyover states? Yeah, I'm deeply biased to my beloved left coast!
thanks again for the support man really appreciate and yeah I feel ya sometimes you have to stop doing things you enjoy for
That looked like the OLD King Cole
Happy birthday, Israel!
Be sure to vote for your favorite things in Albuquerque! If you need a suggestion for best band- you can always put us. ;)
Coty has staying power in bid for Avon
As first responders, #LasVegasFirefighters administer cooling therapy to the patients in the field before rushing them to the hospital
the #Mavs is conserving energy for clutch time.
I envy you soo much right now :'(
I dont know anyone like that, but the world is a peculiar place! :!
Exciting things happening here tonight! The LoveBomb Go-Go Marching Band is coming around 9pm! Join us for some comfort food and music!
Seen my nigga Bubba, he gon say "Damn Dej I didnt even know it was u lookin sexy af" lol and I look a damn mess
"Seven Days" was all she wrote. A kind of ultimatum note.
Yep, great to have coffee with you!
looking forward to this month's #deacsread book. I love anything by Jeffrey Eugenides!
would love to hear more about your ministry?
Cxx's get uber money for failing. How is that fair.
awesome! say hi for us.
Another fantastic summer weekend - sun, Summer Sizzle, African World Festival, & the Air and Water Show... we had a LOT of fun! Thanks MKE!
it's the 80s song-train of thought not running parallel to tweet. Thought KP hot/cold 1st before the 80s-all in 30sec lol
Challenge accepted!
Hi you. Long time. Finished cross-country trip yesterday.
lol alright that's coo too
I agree with Jimmy. I can see all the pieces, but not always perfect. I didn't LOVE "I don't want to miss a thing," but "My All" was good!!
book your tables and cabanas for rehab, wet republic, pure, vanity LAX LAS VEGAS!
Give Me Any Beat I'll Kill It ...
I've been doing okay how about you?
ha ha The reporter's laughing, pointing at the Tar Heels fans ! #Duke what a game ! Great victory, instant classic.
bahaha those ole cow tongue tacos :)
Must have been incredible. I painted a baseball of Yogi Berra waving goodbye on the mound, but I wish I had been there.
May Have Made Sum Dumb Mistakez But I Neva Been A Weak MINDED Female#Mama DidntRaiseNoFool
that's what it's looking like.
I second that!
hey girl! Follow me back on instagram :p
It looks like I will be in Buenos Aires in November. I am looking forward to the trip
that was a Martin sheen thing. he's major pro-life.
Be sure and follow to keep up with the app my team developed this weekend.
RT : I had such a great day at open house! I can't wait to be a part of this school this coming fall!
you may want to call the 11th Street Station and asked for Homer at 512-391-2331. Thanks.
Caucuses and marriages, third time is a charm for Newt.
Homework time, then blog time. I should be to bed by 4.
100% on my physics math. Now I only get half the credit.
welcome my dude
Twitter = YNLO. You Never Log Out. ;D
Great choice! You can never go wrong with a P2
anyone who RTs is cool in our book
anything with chocolate sprinkles and my bro is cool with me bro.
So, unlike last year, 30 Rock live was AWESOME this time around. Figured out how to make it work.
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
If Clark K. says pumpkin 5 times ... Kansas wins.
I think if I were a woman I'd wear coffee as a perfume. ~ John Van Druten
So...Cuse haters, was that a home game too?
Happiness is not given to you, Happiness is found.
where the fuck are these photos ccoming from?
Thank you for the heads up! Link is now active again. Our apologies for the inconvenience...
What were the fans chanting?
I wanna slap the fucking bitches that broke Austin's heart. He doesnt deserve it.
Oh, I've fallen for that one before! RT: Yeah, but we'll make up for that loss with our extreme handsomeness!
do you use massive?
RT : This weekend's concerts include a pre-concert talk about the music & composers one hour prior to curtain.
RT Michael Vick, a trending topic on Twitter. Time to forgive and welcome him back to NFL. We've treated child molesters and murder
The Democratic version of the DREAM Act, proposed in 2001, would offer citizenship; Mr. Rubio's expected plan would grant legal status
Everyone thought my Austin mahone shirt was justin bieber
AHAHAH that's the best.
Headed to the airport, trying the new Seattle Light Rail for the first time
if anything your stomach will thank you!
sitting in my car parked in my garage to tired to move : wonder if my bf will come tote me in the house <3
Hey don't worry I'm sure ur meet some Lovatics on here :-)
It's only an interview for the job of your dreams .... here we go!!
Won't be sleeping good till I'm sleeping at the top
Walking down 6th Ave, Bergdorf's windows are beautiful! Cartier is also tied up with a red ribbon!
This waiting is torture. Pure torture.
great metaphor. MT : I've found curators are often kind of first-responder scholars.
Get ready for Lent you worthy sinners!
Stop by and check us out on Twitter, or
pizza Bianco has a legendary pizza maker!
cant wait for #smackdown :D watchin family guy :D
A night of Claire Denis, 'Trouble Every Day' and Tindersticks ... now has us wanting to hear Vincent Gallo's 'Recordings of Music For Film'.
We gotta make him get on so we can play. >>
“: #GreinkeSaga updates are some of my favorites. i LOVE talking about talking! #brewers”
We need to have dinner then. This will be a VERY lonely month up here before I head down to NYC.
go kill em!
You all taking calls today?
Two days in Houston. Go.
Taste of Alpharetta :)
Perhaps I'm just being racist, but I don't see any snow.
will Judge Mablean be available soon for an interview with me?
school tomorrow ugh
you wonder if this speeds up his timetable for issuing a written decision in Braun case?
PickUpLine: First, I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then, I'll move up to your belly button.
#ThingsThatINeed some more headphones
I think mobile is first -
BIG BOOTY BITCHES TALK ALOT OF SMACK BEND DAT ASS OVER LET ME HIT IT FROM THE BAC... LET ME BANG
Flo Rida did amazing, that girl just ruined it.
"Don’t crossover to try to be somebody. Just be yourself." - Scarface, in a interview.
Oh these girls?? They must be supermodels!! What are you modeling?? gloves??
Interested in a FREE trail of #MyLivePD online coaching? Stop by booth #909 & ask how to get started!
Cinco de Mayo is just a few days away.. Celebrate with your full Color Event Tickets at NYC Printing 123. Call now at 646.409.4420 or...
you cute or w.e but o wadd you know my nigga Ant
Gee Minor matchup. Ha..
Thanks for the RT!
the fundamentalist wing of your party will never accept that. you are simply in the wrong party!
Anyone want to invest $50,000 in me? I'm good for it.
Levinson: 2002 districts are still in place and should be applied to in regard to signatures.
“our choices are not between richness and poverty or between fame and obscurity. Our choice is between good and evil.”
Lets welcome to Twitter and #AztecNation! Be sure to follow them!
Love it when coffee shop has tv. Sports bars r no good for toddlers. Watching badgers v tarheals bball with lil Cece at coopers coffee.
Thanks 4 the RT! We must share information & alert ppl about a high level of radioactivity in the Sates caused by Fukushima!
im aware. Message me on fb.. I have to tell you something.
pickup flipped on loudon county pkwy. i pull over to help and lock my keys in the car. ambulance got them out. its nasty out.
Developer proposes 260 apartments in downtown Ventura
looking forward to that coffee!!!
I just love the nessler blackledge combo
Perfectly clear warm night out in SoCal, many stars visible in the sky. Big change from Massachusetts last week.
Going shopping ! :)
Ladies, If you could make your own mma apparel what kind of designs would you make?
In all seriousness, I think both Keith Price & Robert Griffin, I are two great people who are fantastic QB's..
got my laptop c:
#IfAliensAttack ill hide under my bed,,,in the pheatle position.
City snatch victory from United w/a Man U extra time special. Love it!
Happy "Day before Cinco De Mayo Day" everyone! May the 5th be with you...tomorrow.
It's not too late to sign up for Ballroom Dance Lessons classes start Tues Sept 1st. Salsa lessons now available $70 per person 6 wks class!
Exciting News! Metro Station will be performing at CityWalk on 12/8 with special guest, !
I made my first royal flush!! Called BB with QJh flop Kh3s10h turn Ah river Kc I put guy behind all in he calls with 45h. YAY!!
yo man! sorry just getting this! email me!
I don't believe in wasted time
Today we ask social media prof , has Facebook already peaked? Then on challenging Warren's Democratic nomination
South African Drawn Dead Poker Pro playing in tournament at monte carlo
Great tweets coming from #najds! Thanks
I need to do some major cleaning in this room of mind. Looks like a tornado went thru it
I hear that. It's all shiny outside.
Cheap bags and shoes sale online with free shipping! hurry up ...
Gold worth more than diamonds? RT : Gold is one of the only things on earth that has true value. Worth more than diamonds
oof. Timing is everything.
...i have never met them.. but they have influenced me in every way growing up, i hope to be just as sucessful and amzing as them one day <3
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
Your welcome Janina! Thank you for the #ff~! I shall read that message right now!~ :-)
I definitely am aware of that. You never stop singing! xD
Thanks for the Fishroll. Nice try.
All the credit for the past tweet goes to (but it is a great book!)
my Sister Should Be Here In a few..
#Austin nominate a low income family for a free portrait session. Join on.fb.me/kus0IF
tampa vinyl acquisitions:gnr's appetite for destruction, dj's fossils, nilsson's pandemonium shadow show, and a marvin sease record for $40
This is taking so long .
Thanks for replaying the Federer/Djokovic French Open semifinal match! I missed it because I was at work. Loving this match!
save me a slice
I miss my boobear, so so much :(
Im never gonna eat 7 eleven taquitos again Never!
Two weekends in a row with the apartment to myself? This may be the weekend I snap and start having full conversations with myself.
girl talk with Sophia.(:
You are having one HELLUVA sports weekend, huh?
I'll be turning off my phone for the rest of the day.<U+E00E>
Lol someone hit the electric pole right in front of my subdivision... Half of O'fallon has no power... At least its not my side.
Artists need loyal fans! It cultivates longivity of their creativity.
Text me! I have to get off soon.786 477 3727~
it's truly delish! in my movie version, felicity-evil olivia munn; chloe-sienna miller; stacy-mila kunis; hannah-becki newton!
that's what's up.
: He's aight...But I prefer Viko Nillamor better!!! <--- yea cus Villa doesn't even rap.. Im trippin
<---------- FOLLOW HIM! Awesome tweets. :) Wants to be a handsome billionaire? Lol. :) I won't judge, I never do. But, follow him.
Goodnight everyone, I love you all.
he hasn't done it consistently which makes me think he is on decline, still very good just not the old wade
you should do 2 things.. 1. ask why it is statutory. and 2. Start Believing in God.
How to Get Your Kids Excited About Summer Hiking: Mother’s Perspective
cat left a present on the couch. awesome, cat. yes, okay, i will clean your litter box today.
I see where I am...but God see's where I shall be.
man im starving in this bitch!!! -__-
omg ur eyes r beautiful
More than a five page text make a phone call bitch
Put my bracket together in < 5 mins... past experience has taught me that time spent choosing has no impact on the outcome
Love when my mom wakes me up Idc if it's 12:30
no doubt...jim, you think that blowhard rush limpballs is better than you??
Shape Like An 8 Face Like A Dime..
Have some water. I'll be happy, you'll be happy. Let's get happy.
sire hook cpope up with a performance slot for June 23 n if available no bs
My 19 year old just put $30 worth of diesel fuel into her car... Ouch!
Will you be working for Mugatu?
urges schools to support the matching grant bill.
We know it's NOT "Does this make me look fat", "You don't make enough money" OR "I am too fat"....
you don't like rock and rol
how ppl gonna say im always on twitter .. B!tch how wud u know that if ur not on! hm? yea OK.
- Hey! Sounds good :) Also interested in learning more bout ur development projects -
"Just cause I said it doesn't mean I meant it" - Adele or Mitt Romney?
Just got in from maken money n sweatn out wit a quicc run park
Is the "treatment" called that way because working on it is what heals the diseases of the story? I believe so.
guess what necklace i didnt get back?
It's also cheaper for my kids to buy me gifts! They can get them all tomorrow for 1/2 off and give them to me next week!
I am CONVINCED it is the weather...and not you. I feel it too!
Big shot from Bibby...The garden just went nuts
RT : My brain has reached its bandwidth capacity limit...
You will be a 4-year starter at QB if you play at Arizona.
I got a hangover. Need to be at an awards luncheon in 57 mins. I just woke up. I think I can make it lol. GM :)
I regret ever wearing shorts to my game this morning .fuckin rasberrys suck!!-_-
Brief (musical) romance with Carole King ending.
Thanks for the follow Jess!
A script is not curriculum!
I know what i'm doing mayne :)
Don't forget 2 come Party Hard With AGP & D.J. PRINCE SCI 2NIGHT for the end of the year at the Happy Hour Bar & Lounge only $5 cover charge
It's never to late to start over.
Time to scramble some eggs n fry some bacon unless i find that bunny
putting off thinking about/realizing the 'G'-word, ;) Good luck with everything, Rob
what about Cassie? A horse may not fit in my bags!
Listening to Between Shades of Gray as I clean my room + pack for June move. After 3.5 yrs on a Alex + PPYA, way too many books.
Work of Art SHOULD have been a winning idea. But the challenges (& the resultant artists' work) are mediocre, lame.
yeah that is! I dont know how you do it. Caffine is a drug to me!
What kind of testing will you need?
may i call u liz?
Big/Little pairings were announced last night, alas! Cannot wait for Pledge Retreat THIS weekend!
will b there!~~~
I should have just RT'd everything SGR said.
sorry for the slowness, we're working on it!
please excuse me while I vomit my intestines out.
someone in a convertable in front our office is having his middle age crises.
Play a show at wantahg mulchays we go on at 10 come on down for a drink.
That's a real flavor, by the way.
Congrats & welcome to our newest initiates ! RT : 11 new lifetime member for :D
good luck. You played great last night
so glad we could help your express your inner pin-up. thanks for all that you do!
Yankees sign Raul Ibanez to DH on one-year deal
Thanks for the follow, Augustine! Catch us this Thurs. at Plush! #GirlzRock!
Retweet please because 9 months of morning sickness has meant 9 months of wasted food. Especially garlic.
I love that Sergio's NBA profile picture, linked from the Sacremento Kings Web site, still has him in his Blazer jersey.
I don't think you realize how much I dislike you.
Just peeped my girl beat her brothas girls ass.. smokin a dutchie fulla #loud... Back to the regularly scheduled program
Pay your IRS Installment or Payment Plan payments at www.payUSAtax.com.
jamie garcia
...I wish pfft just wanted to be a smartass n blow u up
Just finished being on a panel for GhettoRise. Thank you Victoria for the ongoing invitation. US Stream TV Cynthia Harris
Off to do sit-ups, push-ups, squats, and the like at boot camp. After a full day at Disney. Me, oh my!
Stars/ have come down/ tonight/ what beauty/ we believe they are/ shimmers with its concept
Gaaaaaahhh!!! Are you on the bus now? Mine leaves tomorrow night at 6:40. So glad I have an 8:30 on Monday
i still cant find them :O
heard great things.
#Makeup tip: Sick of seeing cracks in your lips when you wear lip color? Apply Lip Therapy 10 minutes before to moisturize & soften
Hands-on with the Samsung Continuum dual-screen Android phone
Just caught a whiff of baloney sandwiches in central booking...yummy!
Ugh, it's horrible, but she handled everything with such grace.
I'm so damn tired -__-
Yoga this morning at the Squirrel Hill JCC!
I didn't know they knew each other either. It's weird.
Watch Trueblood a bit, I've got some bud's that dig Dex tho.
fucking LOVING #21JumpStreet !!! Laughing my ASS off the whole time!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Don’t forget to pick up your iThinklocal card the next time you are getting your oil changed.
word of the day: Dictate. You can use it in a sentence like "My girfriend says my dictate good"
metaphysical tasks take the most energy: staying present, thinking creatively, rejecting all 'acceptable' options, courage to be yourself.
Nice! Congrats. Nick and I would love to meet up in SF.
work at a go karts place lol its in like a restaurant And that's cool! Already better than my plans haha
was one of our first CardFlick Pro customers!
Looking for Great stuff. Visit www.publicsurplus.com. Similar to Ebay, but All auctions are from colleges, government organizations, etc.
horrible headache.
Jobs on iPad keyboard: "when you have to write War and Peace, just plug it in." FINALLY, easy solution to having to write War and Peace!!
what time do you go on at bowery electric?
lol. Did you spend like $20 there?
I only live like 15 minutes away from Josh Hutcherson. Cool.
she jus want attention
Mouth is still numb from the dentist 3 hours ago! Grrr
You snooze you lose.
Loving tax free New Hampsha.
first follower and first tweet! ;D
hahah I can't wait to start hanging out with you at cheer and stuff
"It was like Gchat meets Google Docs meets...ICQ if you remember that."
Dat nigga Kobe gone snap on his teammates watch
I wish just one of my real life friends liked the same music as me... You know how many show's we'd go to?
I think the Yankees forgot the national anthem today...we got God Bless America instead. So confused.
ive treid talking to you but your like whatever, were just like strangers and thats sad but thats not my fault
arent they making another one ? Oh wait.. I think thats footloose. Nvrmnd. Lol
a federal court in NoCal experimenting with cameras in the courtroom. SoCal? ".. have decided not to pursue it" Irma Gonzalez,
I don't post much but whst I do post is better than your life.
The National Day of Prayer #ndop one of our nation's great spiritual traditions-take time today to pray for a new awakening in the USA.
One of my coworkers said I look like Russell Crowe. Awesome!
Big flakes coming down in east parts of the metro -- but too warm to stick for commute on valley floor.
lol pound it <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
And your friends grew up faster than you got successful, told you to keep it up. Good comes to those who work.
Yup, when we start the "official" podcasts they'll be on iTunes and YouTube.
Fears keep you from living your life to the fullest. Overcome your fears and finally start living.
new definition for a "maid man".
“: I'm ready to have my car back!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> ” I'm ready to have mine back to!
Good morning twitter!;) If im not following you let me know and ill follow you back. I hope everyone has a great day. Xoxo!;)
you are really enjoying instagram aren't you :D
where's that lat tho?! And ready whenever you are
New spiderman and batman movies coming out?!?
You take forever to reply... ;)
If I find the link I totes will snag you a pair! :D
Dude, it's Tuesday.
Me too! The most/potentially only thrilling part of clips is the insider knowledge I gather on all the agency's teams+clients!
It's a great day to be in the music business.
You & the boys will be one hour away from me next week & I don't have tickets to the show wa how awful! )': 1
#WhenAustin doesn't miss one austream, sick, with friends, or out of town.. he's always doing them <33 [From ]
I was fighting one girl but her friend decided to get me and they attacked and then it was her friend and I.
We offer a free market approach to success in the music industry!!
lmao I know
I love u more :) even tho I'm right next to you ;)
Happy MAY everyone =)
Thanks for the RT! Enjoy your evening! :)
this was a good try but next time we gotta start at 3
I am still learning to discipline my self. Self discipline begins where lip service ends.
I believe the discussion begins at the community level. I'm all for honest and mature.
Yes! Mo is definitely the greatest closer of all time!
Listening to RINGWORLD by Niven, e-reading AT HOME by Bryson, enjoying both
Thanks for the re-tweet!
You can say that again RT Love makes you do silly things
Live out of your imagination, not your history. - Stephen Covey
Virginia Woolf~ For most of history Anonymous was a woman.
You'll have loads of fun! Enjoy!
Count-down to vacation has begun...
New Super Frenchie Diaries droppin on WIDSIX TV in a few minutes... this edit is PACKED with Puck 9 clips... stay tuned!
Well, it's long overdue. #Gay90s here we come! Me, you and
One leg is Christmas, the other is Thanksgiving.. Can I meet in between the holidays?
Holtby is rock solid tonight.
So black people can't sing about CHICKEN without it being a STEREOTYPE...C'mon SON! #getoverthatsh**
My New Year's resolution was to #behappy. I think I'm actually gonna try to keep that resolution this year.
hi everyone I have a friend male professional looking for a room for May 1st 2012 in Astoria or anywhere nice call Frankie at 3479247425
I WANT SUMTHIN WET SOFT & CREAMY
Tweet tweet mofukas
#. Buying Cheap Wolverine Men&#39;s Raider 6&quot; Contour Welt Boot ...
Using Coldplay for a NASCAR promo is pure hi-larity.
What was 's latest girlfriends name ??
Such an awesome time in Seattle with my family. Good food, good friends, good times!
Thanks for the share, Chris!
always think about where u r heading nd never forget where u came from
The next few songs back from the mixer will be more toward the rock side. "Temporary Sanity" is coming soon.. along with "Sketchy", and...
I ain't worried about no girl, no kids, no Navy, no family, no finances, no nothin. If it ain't gon help me, I ain't fina let it hurt me
will do bro!
If Rebecca Black's "Friday" and 's "Friday Night" went up against each other in hand-to-hand combat, who would win?
RT : #ThankYouSteve #CNNTonight RT I found out that Jobs passed away on a device he imagined and engineered. He will be missed
is my Zac Efron picture hero.
get money
The door it opened slowly..my father he came in. I was 9 years old. I thought i saw an eagle though it might have been a vulture.
talk to grandpa. tell me whats wrong
binaural beats are some pieces of shit not to be fucked with.
Oh you know, awake at 7am but too lazy to actually move.
“: i am in a relationship with myself because its the only way ill never get hurt.”
We are proud to announce that Ginza's new album "Metamorph" is to be released Tues. Mar. 27th! You may purchase it at any online store.
yes, I don't know where they found that guy, but he really is an idiot
No!!! Haha xD just a Boss
Receive a $25.00 Stateroom Credit on Disney Cruise Lines TODAY!!
And I totally understand if you don't have time for me but try & make my wish come true!<3
that's good of you!
it was really good! yes, they were. it is like she is fusing lewensky and levy's story together!
Thanks for mentioning us in your publication!! :)
Can't wait to see your space tonight at the International Antiques Fair!
I live in the land of bi-polar weather.
Another chance to with and this Friday at the Republic from 6-9pm!
ATL and ova ORL should get a look, Magic will be hungry after giving it away in the 2nd half the other night
now about 35 min fron home and all i can think about is getting back to #tulsa asap to see an ...
Hoping Adam Halls knee mends well Safety crucial
For Clinton, hypo is supported that when pres. is less & central average cabinet centrality is higher, job approval is higher.
yah they have this like. Weird relationship. They like both like eachother but rnt going out or something
#AGirlDeserves a guy who makes her smile even when he's miserable.
Wiener's Circle = funniest new show... I never watch but this is hysterical. Thank you !
Opening for #bank #regulatory attorney in Midtown bank. Lending background preferable. Please send resumes to .
yeah me too...
Residual from having covered NJ, can't help but feel for shore towns this Labor Day wknd.
ok guess i'm going to bed. night all.
New cd release party Saturday Aug 20th Follow to Get FREE download!
"#MGD + Rold Gold. Pretzels and #beer = amazing." Solid choice. and Salt and Vinegar= awesome combo!
I cant wait to go to mami next year
Please!!! That would be awesome haha I really just want to finish this class and move on:P
treat me like a joke & I'll leave you like it's funny.
My son and I are actually 2 of the 250 to get tickets to the combine on Sunday.
yea sure am, gotta know everything about it.
Ok! So glad we gave EARTH (mi planeta Tierra) an hour of our life. It's the least we can do. Now let's do more! #EarthHour USA; thanks
Blue Snowball and Audacity. I didn't even use a high pass filter.
Home Alone is on. Happy Easter to me.
I'm not encouraging laying off anyone, but laying off 15 and increasing everyone else's pay by $14k is huge..
AW, come on! The paternity suit against #Bieber was dropped? I was really looking forward to more 'assurances' he was the baby daddy.
tomorrow we will, we can't go out tonight!
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
follow me please ? That would make me SO beyond happy <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Happy Birthday John Butler you fool. You are greatly missed. Jesus Christ~
I want a veggie lovers pizza from Pizza Hut. <3
ur work certainly does... Have you talked to Ray Rast at CSUF? He knows these guys.
How are you?
Arguing with a fool proves there are two -D. M. Smith The inherent knowledge I had not to brace an adult MC at a children's sporting event.
R U 4REAL SOMBODY REALLY GAVE ROC A TOOTH BRUSH#MESSED-UP XD<- <- GOT THAT FROM MY SIS HUNNI#PARTYROCKIN HARD
if I wasn't in chicago I'd totally do that! Talking myself out of going to the mac pro shop al day!
*Complete sentence.
Hey shawtys merry christmas
now what she is holding is REAL beer
Health Benefits of White Fruits &amp; Vegetables
September 10th.Thanks man
Sending a birthday shout out to our very own !
what's going on so who represents you
RT RT : That moment when your neighbors have their car blaring music and the bass is so heavy it starts shaking...
DID YOU EVEN HEAR A WORD I SAID?!?!
this thursday
I came thisclose to buying a bow tie for the conference!
All man MLB 2K12 Sydney Birthday Party
in my defense, I was already running from there.
fuck you father.
Grouchy WSU fan last night. Grouchy Mizzou fan tonight. This household hates March Madness 2012.
Meaning, "Hooray! You can use this on your desktop machine" versus "Boo! You can't use this on your phone."
Work tonight blah
why don't you hop a plane to the arch in ST louis and I'll meet you:)
Commission begins discussing So Cal Assembly districts starting in Riverside County.
“: Fuck Off Ma TL Wit All Dis Basketball Talk!” Go To Bed Then
RT : Tonight in MKE! Linneman's 10pm on Locust St-- Blueheels CD Release and mke band crush, Worrier.
#Put a #banana in #your #ear #CHARLIETHEUNICORN CieraMariexoxo
lol did you pass ?
Are you Real? haha. Let me fly With you LOL
Cant wait to see the avengers tonight
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
Totally! Email me and we'll take care of it.
"what what" in the fight song. why does this abortion happen?
I think you meant that the other way...
Honesty creates trust and without trust you have nothing
made 2 appt's this week for readings completely by Texting from and too my clients!! Isn't technology wonderful???
I think that 's Hot n' Cold was written about Indiana weather.
S/o to all NF.. I always follow back
way to be positive! :) RT : Hit the wall at full speed. Finished 15 minutes off of goal & 6+ off PR. But life as a...
I see at marsh!
is heading to #SXSW to debut GAIN 3.0 iPhone app & help ppl sweat off all that food & drink. Want to workout with us?
My washing machine tripped the circuit breaker. Now I'm concerned.
Hearing chatter about Ron Paul supporters heading to Tampa for #RNC2012 convention. Keep it cool. Place will be like police state!
Yes lol wackberry. Ok so I need to dwnld the app..I hope its free. Lol
Should libraries ban #FiftyShadesofGrey? Is the unconstitutional? Thoughts?
welcome to the twitter world!! we'll be tweetin it up at #glazierclinics very soon!
Well at least when you're sobbing your eyes out in your own apartment there's no one to try and hide it from.
I don't want to say that I like it. If I do, they will cancel it.
My dad and brother are making me cry all the time w/ this new baby stuff lol.
lol yeah I missed Half of DRUGS for watic acoustic. I heard rumor mill for the first time and it was perrf
Corvette with life is beautiful written on it!
um. YES! I am so excited for you guys. When is your inaugural day at the Markets?
How are you?
What did you name your Todd? (CC: )
Did you know the Colts got Greg Manusky as defensive coordinator? Fellow 'gate alum :-)
I vote not
Headache #night<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
My timeline ain't talking bout nothing besides sex. I guess it really is Friday!
#Auditioning for #Victorious. wish me luck! I #dream to be on #DISNEY!
how about a threesome
Our PRESIDENT has ACHIEVE many ACCOMPLISHMENTS. The REPUBLICANS has ACHIEVE to reveal to the NATION they have NO CANDIDATE. NLD MOM/ca. surv
"People who soar are those who refuse to sit back and wish things would change."Charles R. Swindoll
Could be that this person does not care.... Welp, I font give a hoot!!!
Ah! I am just so so proud of you :)
yes sir I do!
I swear to god my news channel steals every video from your show, just sayinn.
loves sudden NY downpours. :)
I need a girl that wants me for me and not for all my money and that girl is hard to find
O OKAY DEN
what? im confused
So you have a shocker sign on your bmw? Wow I really wanna get to know you.
Pretty sure he gave me mano
Great job! RT : Visit a Park Week--Fun Fact: With 100+ volunteers we built a new playground at Wirth Court Park in just 1 day!
I'm so damn hungry. I used to be the first lunch at school now I'm the last today.
Spa ME wishing all a very Happy Memorial Day.
btw- I just meant someone named Tina. I laughed... Her weave was permed though.
YES! Perfect. I'll be here in the summer, too. I'm looking forward to it
No scoop from me. Thought it was interesting that CBS Sports was reporting it.
don't worry I'm not jamming to your new album that i actually bought cause i support you…nono its not nasty
Suddenly It Feels Like My Life Is Starting Over Again!!!.
so apparently some of watic is going, if Cameron is there can you kidnap him for me?????
Oh, yes. Who do we talk to about that? Is there a council? Some sort of tribunal? A nap panel?
Hey , canceling my friend's flight from SAN to BOS tonight WITHOUT TELLING HIM is not OK.
I'm not excited about the new Spider-Man. I'll see it, of course, but I'm not counting down the days.
It's nervewracking to watch presenters use my laptop. Who knows what will pop up. #thatcamp thanks
Don't drink and drive get high and fly
is diggin this thing called Twitter.....
Had a good night with my girlfriend she made me spaghetti :)
As Southby begins, I'm here with herbal tea, acupuncture, web design, and book stuff. You know... adjacent to the arts revival.
Check out what OB and DIA have going on these days!! Pics are up on Outward Bound Denver's FB Page!
for what Joe? Any word?
Sad to miss #builtheritage chat- heritage & books, my 2 loves- but my excuse seems somehow fitting- I'll be at Walt Whitman's birthplace!
PLEASE follow mee(: it would make my life, I've been trying to get u to follow me forever<3
why am i still awakee? lol whatever, going to get f0000d.
Maybe we can't do that, but we can make his life more annoying.
do u want to video chat with me
Back at you! Enjoy the day :)
you are my hero... come to sacramento so we can practice some magic!
Its friday & I'm pretty... Come on.. Did u REALLY think I aint have no plans???!!!!!!
#Massive S/O to all my new #lovely followers!! All of you ladies are freaking amazing and officially AWESOME!!! Thank you everyone =D Grazie
I love training yeow is it training time yet
hell yes, are you?
we're not really friends.
Thanks for the recommendation! I will be following them now!
Cant wait till Sat.. Brad Paisley concert :)
You think Aviles bounces back a little this week? Favors lefty's.
Hope Dudes from Hugo stretched their Hammies they are getting a workout
Got Gumbo, Red Beans, Catfish Poboys, Carmel Cake @ Walmart Parking Lot on Lafayette Rd & I-65 till 7pm
Y is it so hard for ppl to be honest?
holy smokes You're not kiddin'
": Never be sorry for something that you can control"
Hey there SLEEPY HEAD! I bet you're still drooling on that pillow haha.
Thanks, man.
Love&Basketball and Poetic Justice >>>> Favorite movies of all time
thanks for hanging up on me when I called customer service to see where my package is. That's logistics! Your service department sucks
Thank you do much!
Welcome back, students, to a new school year!
Patron comment card from last night: "I love everything about this play." So do we! Happy Opening to The Pitmen Painters!
RT : if you haven't found your passion, try adding more risk and change into your life. Passions are discovered and not given
So , there was a fight ..
"I am convinced that the fortunate individuals who achieve the most in life are invariably activated by ENTHUSIASM" --Norman Vincent Peale
yes, you are that much closer to becoming a domulebrity! did you enter?
Happy Friday All! I like the new Twitter layout. How about you?
Brown rice costs only 30 cents more than white rice. A no-brainer substitution for families.
I've heard rumors that surprise books are appearing in mailboxes for people who entered to win a SHINE SHINE SHINE ARC from Macmillan!
It is a states issue, but it's not like the Presidential bully pulpit has not been used on this sort of thing in the past.
a) I need to see the fam before they leave... b) we're all going out tonight! You better come out!
Pareto rule in action? 80% of mobile apps downloaded and then never used again. I personally prefer mobile-friendly websites.
Bruce Chen is not a good pitcher. These first two innings make me sad.
TM #Tip: Stop interrupting yourself! Think about it - how often are your work days self-interrupted?
Table 323 in Amazon room now
Remember that creating mobile pages should be an iterative process.
Say "fly-ass". -30 swag points RT Get a fly-ass haircut. +25 swag points
Thanks for the RT
please check out some exceprts and tell me I am wrong. I maybe way off base or biased but I don't see it.
Our sites are coming right along. Hoping launch will be monday
I wish people weren't sleeping..... keeping me from singing my heart out -__-
What the fuck Adele rolling in the deep instrumentals on the iphone4s video
LOCALS NIGHT! $5 ENTRY WITH NEVADA ID!! Message me for FREE LIMO PICK UP!
YOU'RE an amazing barista.
oomf graduating tmr & still haven't brought me my fricking snacks she owe me -____-
How was the comedy fest?
honestly I don't even remember but SOSOSO much
*grabs shot glasses* RT “: They gave us lemons we made lemonade...” add some vodka and we have ourselves a party.
yeah Memphis is the only one that can stop themselves.
Love your bio! We agree 100%. But maybe you can add our new KB workout generator app to the list when it comes out :)
not all homeless people are poor , they're just too stingy too buy a home
Just getting home from long day at work & gym..bout to run to the shower
yea go to YouTube type in Sor760 nightlife mixtape vol 1
When your people bond out today, have em call me! 713-222-7577. I'll take care of it
okay ... I think Im figuring this out....
Hey , cap quickly before Ireland does.
am I, like, the only girl who can speak business with you without getting on my knees? LMFAO
I think I got it figured out. Thanks for your help!
God makes the incomprehensible a reality by empowering the unlikely to do the unconceivable. More tomorow at Main Street Church 8 & 10:30 AM
Biggest epic fail in history: Dark Lord vs innocent baby named Harry.... Harry wins.
T-Money Makes It Rain! :D <3
Let me make love to your eyes.
Getting ready to board my Philly to Columbus flight with a li'l layover in Atlanta. Thankful to be heading to my family.
Guys can be so mean to each other. You think your just joking around with your friend but sometimes it's best to just leave them alone!
“Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint you can on it.” — Danny Kaye
New member of team I phone let's see how this goes
Hanging with my friend
MISS YOU GUYS!
Support independent artists! You will like what you see!
80's New Wave and Pop playlists while driving on a sunny day = Heaven.
can U help here? RT : how do you get a code for Choco Gets A Check Up,? would love one.
GUYS.!!!!!!!!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
Stewart: The OLC opinion is binding on DOJ; policy shouldn't change
The latest on the tricky weather situation on the CBS 58 News at Noon.
Yes Jesus loves me! Yess Jesus loves me cuz thee bible told me so!
Omg gorgeous out today!
follow her
